__label__0, Gingival tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) were recently identified and characterized as having multipotential differentiation and immunomodulatory properties in vitro and in vivo, and they represent new postnatal stem cell types for cytotherapy and regenerative medicine. However, the utility of gingival MSCs (GMSCs) as alternatives to periodontal ligament stem cells (PDLSCs), which have been demonstrated to be effective but with limited cell availability and reduced clinical feasibility, for periodontal regeneration in a previously diseased/inflamed environment remains obscure. In this study, patient-matched human GMSCs and PDLSCs were evaluated in terms of their colony-forming ability, proliferative capacity, cell surface epitopes, multi-lineage differentiation potentials, and related gene expression when incubated in different designed culture conditions, with or without the presence of inflammatory cytokines. An in vivo ectopic transplantation model using transplants from inflammatory cytokine-treated or untreated cells was applied to assess bone formation. We found that cells derived from both tissues expressed MSC markers, including CD146, CD105, CD90, CD29, and STRO-1. Both cells successfully differentiated under osteogenic, adipogenic, and chondrogenic microenvironments; PDLSCs displayed a more effective differentiation potential in all of the incubation conditions compared to GMSCs (P < 0.01). Although inflammatory cytokine-treated GMSCs and PDLSCs are inferior to normally cultured, patient and tissue-matched cells in terms of their osteogenic capacity and regenerative potential (P < 0.05), they retain the capacity for osteoblastic and adipose differentiation, as well as ectopic bone formation, similar to what has been demonstrated for other MSCs. Interestingly, GMSCs exhibited fewer inflammation-related changes in terms of osteogenic potential in vitro and bone formation in vivo compared to PDLSCs (P < 0.01). These results suggest that both gingiva and PDL tissues are putative cell sources for future cytotherapeutic applications. Whether GMSCs act as an adjunctive or alternative cell source for cytotherapy of inflammatory periodontal disease warrants further investigation.
__label__0, To study the interactions between components of Panax Ginseng and liposome biomembrane, we applied the equilibrium dialysis system combined with ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) approach to analyze and identify the bioactive components of ginseng. Moreover, the effect of pH value has also been investigated on their interactions between the ginsenosides of ginseng extract and biomembrane. The result shows that seven kinds of ginsenosides have obvious interactions with biomembrane in comparison with the standards in terms of tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) data along with retention time, including four panaxadiol ginsenosides (Rb1, Rb2, Rc, Rd) and three panaxatriol ginsenosides (Re, Rf, Rg2). The value of binding degree decreased with the increase of molecular weight. The sugar moieties which are attached to C-20 were the main factor affecting the binding degree of panaxadiol ginsenosides. The interactions between panaxadiol ginsenosides and biomembrane correlate to the type and number of sugar moieties in ginsenosides. The sugar moieties which are at C-6 and C-20 have been shown to influence the value of binding degree for panaxatriol ginsenosides. In addition, the pH value has been shown to have an impact on the interactions. Overall, ginsenoside Rd has a better absorption character among the seven ginsenosides. In the study, we have screened the potential bioactive components of ginseng in vitro using the equilibrium dialysis-UPLC-MS/MS method, and then predicted the potential bioactivities of ginseng, which contribute to the investigation of the efficacy of ginseng.
__label__0, Carbon fibre composites are well established in limited-edition cars. The development of materials and processes to enable their use in high volume vehicles is the challenge. In this article we review some of the developments announced in 2012.
__label__0, In this work, nanoflower arrays of rutile TiO2 composed of nanorods were directly grown onto mica substrates through hydrolysis of TiCl4 ethanolic solution in water at 70 °C without calcination. SnO2 as a rutile promoting additive was deposited onto mica prior to TiO2. The rutile promoting effects of SnO2 could be ascribed to the structural similarity of rutile and cassiterite. The nanorod crystals grew along the [0 0 1] direction, forming predominantly exposed {1 1 0} side-facets and {0 1 1} top-facets. A reasonable growth mechanism for elucidating the formation of rutile TiO2 nanoflower arrays was proposed. The obtained nanoflower arrays of rutile TiO2 coated mica particles show excellent photocatalytic activity towards degradation of rhodamine B (RhB) under UV illumination, which is almost 1.9 times as high as that of Degussa P25. The enhanced photocatalytic activity of rutile TiO2 superstructures can be ascribed to the combined contribution of high crystallinity, low band gap, and effective separation of electrons and holes by the synergistic effect between the exposed {1 1 0} and {0 1 1} facets of the rutile nanorods. Furthermore, we demonstrated that these rutile TiO2 coated mica particles can be easily recycled without decrease of the photocatalytic activity, which provide possibility to future industrial applications in environmental pollutants cleaning up.
__label__0, Bisphenol A (BPA), initially designed, like diethylstilbestrol, as a synthetic estrogen, has been rapidly and widely used for its cross-linking properties in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins. Because of incomplete polymerization and degradation of the polymers by exposure to higher than usual temperatures, BPA leaches out from food and beverage containers, as well as from dental sealants. In humans, free active unconjugated BPA is metabolized by rapid glucurono- or sulfo-conjugation and eliminated via renal clearance. However, exposure to environmental nanomolar concentrations of BPA is ubiquitous and continuous via different routes: oral, air, skin. In rodents, fetal and perinatal exposure to such environmentally relevant doses of BPA has been shown to affect the brain, liver, gut, adipose tissue, endocrine pancreas, mammary gland and reproductive tract and function. Similar concentrations are also able in vitro to impact human malignant breast, prostate, male germ or adipocyte cell lines (with a promoting effect and by interfering with chemotherapy drugs), or to stimulate pancreatic β cell insulin secretion. High levels of BPA have recently been correlated with obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, polycystic ovarian disease or low sperm count. However, before the real impact of BPA on human health can be clearly assessed, prospective longitudinal epidemiological studies are needed as well as characterization of selective biomarkers to verify long-term exposure and selective imprinting.
__label__0, A heteroleptic polypyridyl ruthenium complex ‘cis-Ru(4,4′-bis(3,5-bis(5-hexylthiophen-2-yl)phenyl)-2,2′-bipyridine)(4,4′-dicarboxyl-2,2′-bipyridine) (NCS)2, MC102′, with a high molar extinction coefficient was synthesized and characterized with IR, 1H NMR, Mass, UV–Vis spectroscopy. The test cell DSSC devices constructed with 0.23 cm2 active area photo-electrode in combination with an electrolyte composed of 0.6 M dimethylpropyl-imidazolium iodide (DMPII), 0.05 M I2, and 0.1 M LiI in acetonitrile yielded solar to electric energy conversion efficiency (η) of 4.42% under Air Mass (AM) 1.5 sunlight, while the reference N719 sensitized solar cell fabricated and evaluated under similar conditions exhibited η-value of 5.84%.
__label__0, Specific fatty acids such as linoleic acid (LA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo gamma linolenic acid (DGLA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) showed cytotoxicity towards human cervical (HeLa) cells in vitro. Cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor, indomethacin; lipoxygenase inhibitor, nordihydroguiaretic acid (NDGA); antioxidant, vitamin E; and calmodulin antagonists, trifluoperazine (TFP) and chlorpromazine (CPZ) blocked the cytotoxic action of these fatty acids. GLA-induced free radical generation and lipid peroxidation were also inhibited by indomethacin, NDGA, vitamin E, TFP and CPZ. Both indomethacin and NDGA also showed significant anti-oxidant property. These results suggest that fatty acid-induced cytotoxic action against HeLa cells is a free radical dependent process and that it can be modulated by calmodulin antagonists. These results are in contrast to those observed by us earlier with human breast cancer cells where in it was found that the tumoricidal action of fatty acids can be blocked by anti-oxidants but not by cyclo-oxygenase (CO) and lipoxygenase (LO) inhibitors. From these results it can be suggested that though free radicals are the mediators of the tumoricidal action of fatty acids, the mechanism of their production may be different in different types of tumor cells.
__label__0, Cellular manufacturing is the cornerstone of many modern flexible manufacturing techniques, taking advantage of the similarities between parts in order to decrease the complexity of the design and manufacturing life cycle. Part-Machine Grouping (PMG) problem is the key step in cellular manufacturing aiming at grouping parts with similar processing requirements or similar design features into part families and by grouping machines into cells associated to these families. The PMG problem is NP-complete and the different proposed techniques for solving it are based on heuristics. In this paper, a new approach for solving the PMG problem is proposed which is based on biclustering. Biclustering is a methodology where rows and columns of an input data matrix are clustered simultaneously. A bicluster is defined as a submatrix spanned by both a subset of rows and a subset of columns. Although biclustering has been almost exclusively applied to DNA microarray analysis, we present that biclustering can be successfully applied to the PMG problem. We also present empirical results to demonstrate the efficiency and accuracy of the proposed technique with respect to related ones for various formations of the problem.
__label__0, Upper quadrant musculoskeletal pain (UQMP) is a common health problem in children and adolescents. The upper quadrant refers to the occiput, cervical and upper thoracic spine including the clavicles and scapulae. The current literature, which indicates that sitting, in terms of sedentary activities and sitting spinal posture, is a possible risk factor of UQMP, is controversial. This systematic review is aimed at ascertaining whether there is evidence for sitting as a risk factor for UQMP, and determining the different elements of sitting that are related to UQMP experienced by children and adolescents.
__label__0, An inverted organic solar cell based on strong electron acceptor 2,3,5,6-tetrafluoro-7,7,8,8-tetracyanoquinodimethane (F4-TCNQ) doped poly (3-hexylthiophene) P3HT: [6,6]-phenyl-C61-butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM) was fabricated to figure out the p-type doping effect on the device performance. It was found that the doping concentration played a critical role on the electrical output of the devices. An enhanced power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 4.22% was achieved, in comparison of PCE of 3.68% for the device based on pristine P3HT:PCBM. The topography morphology of the active film, the hole mobility, the ultraviolet–visible absorption spectrum, the photoluminescence (PL) lifetime and the Fermi energy level of P3HT film with and without F4-TCNQ doping were characterized to investigate the doping effect. The measured results indicated that the hole mobility and absorption of P3HT film was slightly modified with F4-TCNQ doping. On the contrary, the active film morphology, the PL lifetime and the Fermi energy level of P3HT changed dramatically with doping. It was found that F4-TCNQ preferred to approach to the air/liquid interface during the solvent dry process, leading to F4-TCNQ-rich upper layer due to its low surface energy. The layer with proper thickness between anode and active layer dramatically improve the interface contact, resulting in the enhanced device performance.
__label__0, The acute and chronic administration of Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC) or cocaine were studied in rats trained to obtain all of their daily food by lever pressing during four equally-spaced 30-min periods with water and 5% or 7.5% ethanol solutions freely available. With 5% ethanol available, rats consumed almost all of their daily fluid intake as ethanol, while with 7.5% ethanol available, rats consumed water and ethanol solution in approximately equal amounts. Rats consumed more food pellets with 7.5% ethanol available than with 5% ethanol available. Acute administration of Δ9-THC produced a dose-dependent decrease of 5% ethanol intake and food pellets consumed with a small increase in water intake, especially after the higher doses. Acute administration of Δ9-THC also depressed food intake when 7.5% ethanol was available, but decreases in ethanol solution intake were small. Chronic administration of Δ9-THC initially decreased ethanol intake, but tolerance occurred to this effect, so that during chronic Δ9-THC administration ethanol intake not only recovered, but increased above control levels. When the chronic administration of Δ9-THC was discontinued, ethanol intake was increased for 1 (5% ethanol) to 3 (7.5% ethanol) weeks. Animals with initially high, or initially low, but not with initially moderate ethanol intake, accounted for the increased ethanol intake during chronic Δ9-THC administration and withdrawal. Acute cocaine administration, at doses up to 30 mg/kg, had little effect on eating and drinking; however, during chronic cocaine administration, ethanol intake gradually increased, an increase which was sustained during cocaine withdrawal. The increased ethanol drinking was confined to the first 6-h period after cocaine administration. These data suggest that the chronic administration and withdrawal of other drugs can increase ethanol intake in this rat model.
__label__0, A sensitive, selective, accurate and precise method for simultaneous quantification of doxorubicin (DOX) and doxorubicinol (DOXol) in human plasma of patients diagnosed as having intermediate stage unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) was developed. The method was based on electrospray tandem mass spectrometry in selected reaction monitoring mode. DOX, DOXol and trofosfamide, an internal standard, were extracted from plasma by using a simple solid phase extraction (SPE) procedure after the addition of 0.1 M hydrochloric acid.
__label__0, Although the anti- and pro-oxidant properties were the well-known phenomenons for flavonoids, the influence of flavonoids on free heme-dependent redox reactions was not definitely elucidated.
__label__0, Cu(In1−x,Gax)Se2 (CIGS) thin films were prepared by the sputtering of CuInGa (CIG) alloy precursors and CuGa/In stacked precursors followed by selenization. The effects of the using CIG precursors prepared by various methods and that of use of various selenization temperatures on the microstructural characteristics of CIGS thin films were investigated and the nature of phase transformation and Ga accumulation are discussed. Observation of the cross section morphologies revealed that the CIGS thin films prepared from CIG alloy precursors show two distinct types of structure. In addition, Ga was found to accumulate in high concentrations in the films. The X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns of the films indicated the coexistence of CuInSe2 (CIS) and CIGS phases at low selenization temperatures. However, the CIGS phase seemed to disappear when the selenization temperature was increased to 580 °C. In comparison, the films prepared from CuGa/In stacked precursors also showed Ga accumulation after selenization. Surprisingly, the distinct structure of the films improved when the selenization temperature was increased to 580 °C. The XRD patterns of the films showed that the CIS and Ga-rich CIGS phases coexisted at low selenization temperatures. When the selenization temperature was increased to 580 °C, the positions of the CIS and Ga-rich CIGS peaks seemed to mix and shift to the position of Cu(In0.7,Ga0.3)Se2.
__label__0, Seed development, especially the relevant regulatory mechanism and genetic network are of fundamental scientific interest. Seed development consists of the development of embryo and endosperm; and endosperm development of rice (model species of monocots) is closely related to grain yield and quality. Recent genetic studies, together with other approaches, including transcriptome and proteomics analysis, high-throughput sequencing (RNA-seq, ChIP-seq), revealed the crucial roles of genetic and epigenetic controls in rice endosperm development. Here we summarize and update the genetic networks involved in the regulation of endosperm initiation, cell cycle regulation, aleurone layer specification, starch synthesis, storage protein accumulation and endosperm size, and the interactions between embryo and endosperm.
__label__0, Existing indices of residential segregation are based on a partition of the city in neighborhoods: given a spatial distribution of racial groups, the index measures different segregation levels for different partitions. I propose a spatial approach, which estimates segregation at the individual level and produces the entire spatial distribution of segregation. This method provides different rankings of cities in terms of segregation and new insights on the effect of segregation on socioeconomic outcomes. Using Census data and controlling for endogeneity using instrumental variables, I show that reduced form estimates of the impact of segregation on socioeconomic outcomes are not robust to the spatial approach.
__label__0, To design a duplex PCR for rapid and simultaneous detection of Brucella species. in human blood samples.
__label__0, A visible light induced rapid one pot intermolecular Sonogashira coupling and 5-endo-dig cyclization in water of ortho-halophenols and terminal alkynes catalyzed by [Pd] have been developed to furnish 2-aryl/alkyl benzofurans in good yields sans Ru or Ir complexes or any other additives.
__label__0, Repetitive trunk flexion elicits passive tissue creep, which has been hypothesized to compromise spine stability. The current investigation determined if increased spine flexion angle at the onset of flexion relaxation (FR) in the lumbar extensor musculature was associated with altered dynamic stability of spine kinematics. Twelve male participants performed 125 consecutive cycles of full forward trunk flexion. Spine kinematics and lumbar erector spinae (LES) electromyographic (EMG) activity were obtained throughout the repetitive trunk flexion trial. Dynamic stability was evaluated with maximum finite-time Lyapunov exponents over five sequential blocks of 25 cycles. Spine flexion angle at FR onset, and peak LES EMG activity were determined at baseline and every 25th cycle. Spine flexion angle at FR increased on average by 1.7° after baseline with significant increases of 1.7° and 2.4° at the 50th and 100th cycles. Maximum finite-time Lyapunov exponents demonstrated a transient, non-statistically significant, increase between cycles 26 and 50 followed by a recovery to baseline over the remainder of the repetitive trunk flexion cycles. Recovery of dynamic stability may be the consequence of increased active spine stiffness demonstrated by the non-significant increase in peak LES EMG that occurred as the repetitive trunk flexion progressed.
__label__0, Bismuth (Bi)-doped ZnO nanocomposite material was prepared by precipitation method with doping precursors of bismuth nitrate pentahydrate and oxalic acid, characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), High Resolution-Scanning Electron Microscopy (HR-SEM) with Energy Dispersive X-ray (EDX) analysis, UV–visible Diffuse Reflectance Spectroscopy (UV–visible DRS) and Fourier Transform-Raman (FT-RAMAN) analysis. The enhanced photocatalytic activity of the Bi-doped ZnO is demonstrated through photodegradation of Congo red under UV-light irradiation. The mechanism of photocatalytic effect of Bi-doped ZnO nanocomposite material has been discussed.
__label__0, Composite powders of composition TiB2-xB4C (x = 0.3, 0.5, 0.7 and 1.0) were synthesized by a solid state reaction between TiCxN1−x and amorphous boron. The formation of TiB2 and B4C occurs by a stepwise process: (1) the formation of TiB2 by the substitution of boron for carbon or nitrogen atoms in TiCxN1−x; (2) the simultaneous or subsequent formation of B4C by the reaction between unreacted boron and free carbon released from TiCxN1−x. The formation reaction of a well-dispersed composite powder of the TiB2-xB4C system was completed by heat treatment of the starting powder mixed in the mole ratio TiCxN1−x: B = 1:(4x + 2) under a flowing argon atmosphere at 1500 °C for 60 min. The synthesized powder, which was densified at 4 GPa and 1600 °C for 15 min, exhibited favourable sinterability. The sintered compact showed a relative density of 93.7%–97.0% and a Vickers microhardness of 35.3–37.3 GPa depending on the composition.
__label__0, The aim of this paper is to establish the H 1 global well-posedness for Kirchhoff systems. The new approach to the construction of solutions is based on the asymptotic integrations for strictly hyperbolic systems with time-dependent coefficients. These integrations play an important role to setting the subsequent fixed point argument. The existence of solutions for less regular data is discussed, and several examples and applications are given.
__label__0, In this paper is shown that solutions associated with an extended affine control system can be obtained as a limit process using solutions for a parameterized affine control system and weak small controls.
__label__0, The study assesses how community stakeholders perceive the gaming industry and individual operator's corporate social performance (CSP) in the world gaming capital, Macao. The study also examines the relationship between CSP and organizational performance. The results show that community stakeholders perceive that the gaming industry as a whole contributes mostly to business and employment opportunities as well as to community development, but least to environmental protection and responsible gambling. The results also show that better performance on these corporate social initiatives leads to better financial performance and more favorable employment choice. The study provides a social responsibility performance model that represents gaming operators' CSP on a ‘radar’ chart. The results may be useful in helping gaming destinations, practitioners, and scholars to gain insights on the current state of CSP both in developing gaming regions and in the fast-growing gaming industry.
__label__0, The paper analyses the drivers of sovereign risk for 31 advanced and emerging economies during the European sovereign debt crisis. It shows that a deterioration in countries' fundamentals and fundamentals contagion – a sharp rise in the sensitivity of financial markets to fundamentals – are the main explanations for the rise in sovereign yield spreads and CDS spreads during the crisis, not only for euro area countries but globally. By contrast, regional spillovers and contagion have been less important, including for euro area countries. The paper also finds evidence for herding contagion – sharp, simultaneous increases in sovereign yields across countries – but this contagion has been concentrated in time and among a few markets. Finally, empirical models with economic fundamentals generally do a poor job in explaining sovereign risk in the pre-crisis period for European economies, suggesting that the market pricing of sovereign risk may not have been fully reflecting fundamentals prior to the crisis.
__label__0, We construct an index theorem for smooth infinite economies that shows that generically the number of equilibria is odd. As a corollary, this gives a new proof of existence and gives conditions that guarantee global uniqueness of equilibria.
__label__0, The paper finds recent financial crisis has changed permanently the correlations between BRICS and developed U.S. and Europe stock markets. 70% of BRICS stock markets⿿ conditional correlation series demonstrate an upward long-run trend with the developed stock markets. Our results provide convincing evidence that the reducing diversification benefits are a long-run and world-wide phenomenon, especially after recent financial crisis.
__label__0, The aim of this study is to demonstrate that the features looked upon as characteristic for specialized trama types in Agaricales occur in other tramas of this Order as well, but mostly in a somewhat reduced form. The recognition of this fact diminishes their taxonomic value, but it may on the other hand be significant in relation to phylogenetic considerations.
__label__0, We present a three dimensional numerical study of thermal plumes, developing from a localized heat source in a yield stress and shear thinning fluid. We assume that the fluid viscosity follows a Herschel–Bulkley law with a low shear rate viscosity plateau. Comparison of the plume onset time and morphology observed in the numerical study and in laboratory experiments with Carbopol shows good agreement. An extensive parameter study allows us to identify two local non-dimensional parameters that determine whether a plume rises through the fluid. The first parameter is the Bingham number, Bi, which compares the yield stress to the viscous stress. The second parameter, the yield number Ψ, compares the stress induced by the buoyancy of an equivalent hot sphere to the yield stress. We find that a plume develops only if Ψ > Ψc = 5 ± 1.2 and Bi < Bic = 1. As the plume rises it loses its buoyancy due to heat diffusion. So the upward progression of the plume halts as soon as Ψ < Ψc or Bi > 1. Hot fluid continues to rise from the bottom of the tank but spreads under an unyielded, high viscosity region at the top of the box.
__label__0, In order to continue to be innovative in the current fast-paced and competitive environment, organizations are increasingly dependent on creative inputs developed outside their boundaries. The paper addresses the boundary spanning activities that managers undertake to a) select and mobilize creative talent, b) create shared identity, and c) combine and integrate knowledge in innovation projects involving external actors. We study boundary spanning activities in two creative projects in the LEGO group. One involves identifying and integrating deep, specialized knowledge, the other focuses on the use of external actors as a source of broad, not necessarily fully developed ideas. We find that the boundary spanning activities in these two projects differ in respect, among other things, of how the firm selects participants, formulates problems, and aligns the expectations of internal and external actors, and how knowledge is integrated across organizational boundaries. We discuss implications of our findings for managers and researchers in a business-to-business context.
__label__0, In the present work the optimal placement of different types of DGs has been proposed. The optimal locations and size of the DG’s have been determined by minimizing the power distribution loss. The optimal power factor for DG supplying, both real and reactive power, has been obtained in this work. Different types of DGs supplying real and reactive power at different buses have also been considered in the proposed approach. The particle swarm optimization (PSO) technique has been used to solve the optimal placement of DGs. The results obtained from the PSO technique have also been compared with the analytical approach results. The proposed technique is tested on 33-bus and 69-bus test systems.
__label__0, In this paper control of oblique vortex shedding in the wake behind a straight circular cylinder is explored experimentally and computationally. Towards this, steady rotation of the cylinder about its axis is used as a control device. Some limited studies are also performed with a stepped circular cylinder, where at the step the flow is inevitably three-dimensional irrespective of the rotation rate. When there is no rotation, the vortex shedding pattern is three dimensional as described in many previous studies. With a non-zero rotation rate, it is demonstrated experimentally as well as numerically that the shedding pattern becomes more and more two-dimensional. At sufficiently high rotation rates, the vortex shedding is completely suppressed.
__label__0, Knowledge of the inciting lesion in kidney stone formation has remained rudimentary until quite recently. Randall theorized that areas of apatite plaque on the renal papillae would be an ideal site for an overgrowth of calcium oxalate to develop into a calculus. We reviewed in vivo data that have further defined the role of Randall’s plaques in stone disease.
__label__0, Polycarboxylic acids have been used as cross-linking agents for cellulose to increase the wet strength of paper. In this research, we applied Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy to study the kraft paper treated with poly(maleic acid) and 1,2,3,4-butanetetracarboxylic acid. FT-IR spectroscopy is used to measure the carboxyl of a polycarboxylic acid and ester on the treated paper. The ester carbonyl band intensity and the carbonyl band intensity ratio (ester/carboxylate) are used for the evaluation of the effectiveness of a polycarboxylic acid for cross-linking cellulose on the paper. The correlation between the ester carbonyl band intensity and the wet strength improvement of the treated paper reveals that the increase in the paper wet strength by a polycarboxylic acid is the result of ester cross-linking of cellulosic fibers and molecules. We identified a five-membered cyclic anhydride intermediate formed on the paper during the curing processes. The infrared spectroscopy data support the reaction mechanism that a polycarboxylic acid esterifies cellulose through the formation of a five-membered cyclic anhydride as a reactive intermediate. We also studied the catalysis effects of sodium hypophosphite on the formation of the anhydride intermediate and the esterification of wood cellulose by a poly(carboxylic acid).
__label__0, Hazardous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) widely occur in the environment and are believed to be mainly anthropogenic. Here we present strong indications for large biological sources of the PAHs naphthalene, perylene, and possibly also phenanthrene in the Amazonian basin. Termite nests, plant wood, and soils were sampled. Naphthalene is detected in plant wood and is accumulated in the nests of termites from the genus Nasutitermes. Perylene is found in all studied termite nests including six different genera. Phenanthrene occurs at substantial concentrations in wood, soil, and termite nests.
__label__0, In previous studies, we have used molecular orbital calculations to determine the thermodynamic changes of dimerization for a number of pure and cross-associated species. We have shown that by using these results in a physical equation of state, the statistical associating fluid theory (SAFT), we are able to accurately model the phase behavior of pure self-associating compounds and binary mixtures of a self-associating compound and a nonassociating compound with a reduction in the number of adjustable parameters. In this study, we consider the phase behavior of binary mixtures in which cross-associated species may occur. To determine the equation of state parameters describing cross association, we introduce a mixing rule based on the results of our molecular orbital calculations. We show that using information derived from our quantum-mechanical calculations results in correlations of mixture vapor−liquid equilibrium data with fewer adjustable parameters and no loss of accuracy, indeed frequently with improved accuracy, compared to the original SAFT model.
__label__0, This paper presents an experimental investigation of a fuel processor consisting of a JP-8 autothermal reforming (ATR) reactor and a surrogate-fed CO-cleanup train. The CO-cleanup train, comprising a water−gas shift (WGS) and two preferential oxidation (PROX) reactors, was tested as an integrated reactor train. A finned-wall ATR reactor was examined for light-off behavior and for steady-state product distribution, upon which the CO-cleanup train was designed. The thermal and chemical transient analysis during catalyst ignition indicated that the fuel undergoes deep oxidation to CO2 and H2O until 80% of the catalyst bed is ignited, followed by a significant rise in synthesis gas production. The WGS and PROX reactors were tested individually with the objective of identifying operating regimes for maximum CO removal. The PROX reactor train, consisting of two identical reactors connected in series, reduced the CO concentration from 1% to less than 6 ppm. The PROX-1 and PROX-2 reactors were compared in order to elucidate the CO conversion and selectivity loss observed for PROX-1 at T > 250 °C and for PROX-2 at temperatures between 120 and 145 °C, suggesting that the CO conversion decrease follows different controlling mechanisms for the two reactors. Finally the CO-cleanup train was tested as three reactors in series, illustrating the critical effect that the CO conversion in the water−gas shift reactor has on the downstream PROX reactors. The CO-cleanup train was operated at the maximum conversion, demonstrating the capability to decrease the CO concentration from 8% to single-digit ppm level.
__label__0, The interaction between design and control can offer significant opportunities for dynamic performance improvement if one is willing to consider building and operating a chemical process at other than the steady-state economic optimum. This paper describes a method that a process designer could use to identify design and control parameters that could be used to improve the controllability of a process. The method relies upon designed experimentation in two separate steps. The first step uses steady-state information as a screening tool to filter the important factors from the many possible design factors. The second step uses dynamic simulation and provides more details about how the design and control decisions affect the ultimate dynamic performance in the presence of disturbances and production rate changes. The capital and operating costs of the various designs are calculated to indicate the economic penalty for designing and operating at other than the steady-state optimum. Three examples are provided to illustrate the method and to develop several design heuristics.
__label__0, The etherification of isoamylenes (2-methyl-1-butene, 2M1B, and 2-methyl-2-butene, 2M2B) with methanol, ethanol, and n-propanol was studied using a commercial ion-exchange resin as a catalyst. The steady-state reaction rates for the formation of tert-amyl ethyl ether from isoamylenes and ethanol were measured in a continuous stirred tank reactor. At 333 K the reaction rate of the ether formation was measured to be zero order with respect to the ethanol (ETOH) and positive with respect to the olefin. Initial reaction rates for the simultaneous etherification and isomerization of 2M1B were measured in a batch reactor. Initial reaction rates measured at temperatures of 333 and 353 K showed that the different alcohols (methanol, ethanol, and 1-propanol) affected the isomerization rate but not the etherification rate. Measurements were also made with different initial ETOH/2M1B mole ratios. According to the results, etherification and isomerization rates are equal until the lowest mole ratio (0.2) is reached. It was also found that the reaction rates have a constant value at stoichiometric or higher ETOH/2M1B mole ratios. A new model was developed to explain the obtained results.
__label__0, Direct higher hydrocarbon formation from the greenhouse gases methane and carbon dioxide using a dielectric-barrier discharge (DBD) with zeolite catalysts is presented. This catalytic DBD can be operated at ambient conditions and leads to direct hydrocarbon formation. The products include alkanes, alkenes, oxygenates, and syngas (CO + H2). The product distribution depends on the pressure, the input power, the flow rate, the CH4/CO2 feed ratio, and the catalyst used. It is not sensitive to gas temperature in the range from room temperature to 150 °C. From the experiments it can be concluded that a cogeneration of syngas and higher hydrocarbons can be achieved using the catalytic DBD. The optimum CH4/CO2 ratio in the feed for such cogeneration is in the range 2/1 to 3/1. The energy efficiency of CO2 and CH4 conversion increases substantially at higher discharge powers.
__label__0, The preparation, characterization, and catalytic activity of molybdenum−alumina-pillared clays for the metathesis of propene were studied. Two solutions containing molybdenum and aluminum were used in the preparation of the intercalation solutions. In the first, a mixed hydroxy−aluminum−molybdenum solution (MoAl) was prepared by slow addition of NaOH to a solution of mixtures (AlCl3 and MoCl5). The second solution (Mo + Al) was obtained by dissolving MoCl5 in an aged solution of aluminum polycation. These solutions were used to prepare two molybdenum−alumina-pillared clays. Finally, an alumina-pillared clay (AlPILC) was used as support and impregnated with a molybdenum solution. Nitrogen adsorption data obtained from very low relative pressures were used for the characterization of the microporosity of the solids. The Dubinin−Radushkevich formalism was used to describe the volume filling of micropores and confirmed the existence of a bimodal distribution of the micropore sizes in the pillared clays. The micropore distributions obtained by the Horvath−Kawazoe approach for the two molybdenum−alumina-pillared clays showed a modification of their microporous surface with respect to the AlPILC. The acidity and catalytic activity in the propene metathesis reaction of the molybdenum−alumina-pillared clays and a comparison with two reference catalysts (Mo/SiO2 and Mo/Al2O3) are also reported.
__label__0, The cloud points of various amorphous polyether, polyacrylate, and polysiloxane homopolymers, and a variety of commercially available block copolymers, were measured in CO2 at temperatures from 25 to 65 °C and pressures of ca. 1000−6000 psia. Almost without exception, the solubility of amorphous polymers increases with a decrease in the cohesive energy density, or likewise, the surface tension of the polymer. With this decrease in surface tension, the polymer cohesive energy density becomes closer to that of CO2. Consequently, solubility is governed primarily by polymer−polymer interactions, while polymer−CO2 interactions play a secondary role. The solubility is strongly dependent upon molecular weight for the less CO2-philic polymers. The solubilities of high-molecular-weight poly(fluoroalkoxyphosphazenes) in CO2 were comparable to those of poly(1,1-dihydroperfluorooctylacrylate), one of the most CO2-soluble polymers known.
__label__0, The principles concerning the evolution of pinch-point zones with variation of the reflux ratio in the rectifying section of a multicomponent distillation column with an infinite number of stages are presented in this work. Analytical formulas are obtained for calculating the pinch-point zones as well as the distillate exactly. It has been found that the evolution of pinch-point zones in the stripping section is much similar to the evolution of pinch-point zones in the rectifying section. Based on these new findings, a new method for calculating the minimum reflux ratio of multicomponent continuous distillation, as well as a new shortcut method for the design calculation of a batch distillation process, can be developed.
__label__0, Solubilities of CO2 in aqueous mixtures of methyldiethanolamine (MDEA) and piperazine (PZ) have been measured for temperatures and CO2 partial pressures ranging from 30 to 90 °C and 13.16 to 935.3 kPa, respectively. A modified Deshmukh−Mather thermodynamic model is used to correlate the experimental data with the average deviation of 9.8%, in which the effect of salts on Henry's constant is taken into consideration. The results also indicate that the second-order dissociation reaction for piperazine can be neglected. A simple model is also given with the average deviation of 11.6%.
__label__0, Zeolite A and faujasite- (FAU-)type zeolite membranes were prepared under identical conditions from solutions of the same composition, with the only difference being the seed crystal used. The zeolite A membrane was formed on a substrate seeded with zeolite A crystals, while the FAU membrane was formed with zeolite Y seeds. The induction period of clear solution was used to prevent the influence of precipitated crystals that will eventually form in the clear solution and to keep the composition of the synthesis solution constant. Zeolite crystals increased in size with synthesis time and formed a continuous membrane on a porous substrate. Selectivity in a liquid mixture separation by pervaporation increased as crystals grew, indicating a decrease in intercrystalline region size.
__label__0, The lack of an adequate system for the in vitro cultivation of Cryptosporidium spp. has forced researchers to work on infected feces or tissues. Molecular and immunological analyses of Cryptosporidium stages must be preceded by complex preparatory steps involving the concentration, storage, purification, excystation of oocysts, and purification of sporozoites. This paper describes two new procedures for the purification of Cryptosporidium. The first, consisting of pretreatment of oocysts with sodium hypochlorite followed by concentration using a Percoll gradient, is suitable for nucleic acid analyses. The second, a concentration of untreated oocysts using a Cesium chloride gradient, is suitable for biochemical and immunological studies, but requires "fresh" oocysts.
__label__0, Group-15 elements phosphorus, arsenic, antimony and bismuth offer the prospect of serving as functional alloying elements for developing high-capacity alloy anodes for sodium-ion batteries (NIBs). Here we obtain concentration-dependent electrochemical properties of sodium (Na) alloys with group-15 elements using first principles calculations. Since Na intercalation in these alloys is accompanied by a substantial volume expansion that can lead to mechanical failure and loss of capacity, we have also obtained a full set of concentration-dependent elastic properties for a single crystal as well as a polycrystalline microstructure. We find that sodiation of these alloys results in their significant elastic softening by as large as 60%. In contrast to the group-14 alloys that are also being explored as anodes of NIBs, the elastic softening in group-15 alloys varies in a non-monotonic manner with Na concentration, and more importantly, the maximum degradation of elastic properties does not necessarily occur at full sodiation. Our results provide crucial insights into the electrochemical and mechanical response of these alloys to Na intercalation, thus contributing to the design of failure-resistant architectures of high capacity NIBs.
__label__0, The inhibition of inappropriate responses is a function known to rely on prefrontal cortex (PFC) functioning. Similarly, working memory processes are known to rely on the PFC. Even though these processes are usually closely intertwined and the functional neuroanatomy underlying these processes is largely overlapping, the influence of working memory load on inhibitory control process has remained largely elusive. In the current study, we therefore examine how response inhibition processes are modulated by working memory load. For this, we systematically increased the working memory load of participants by integrating mental rotation processes in a Go/NoGo paradigm. To examine the system neurophysiology of these processes in detail, and to examine whether there are differential effects of working memory load on distinct response inhibition subprocesses, we applied event-related potentials (ERPs) in combination with source localization techniques.
__label__0, Event-related potentials (ERPs) to task-irrelevant novel sounds have been shown to increase in amplitude with increasing task difficulty and might therefore reflect listening effort. Here we investigated whether this effect is similar in two groups of younger and older listeners with normal hearing.
__label__0, To implement and evaluate the impact of a Teachable Moment Communication Process (TMCP) training intervention on clinicians' smoking cessation counseling behaviors in practice.
__label__0, The effect of dichromate ions on the corrosion behaviour of 316 stainless steel was investigated in 0.1 M NaCl solution by electrochemical measurements and electron microscopy. The results revealed that the addition of dichromate increases the resistance to pitting corrosion as the pitting corrosion does not occur in the presence of 0.05 M dichromate ions at room temperature. The mechanistic studies showed that the increase in pitting corrosion resistance in presence of Cr2O72− is due to the decrease in the metastable pit initiation, lower kinetics of metastable pit dissolution and increase in the survival probability of the pit formation.
__label__0, To evaluate the surgical outcomes of 47 patients who underwent hemorrhoidal arterial ligation under vision (LUV) for symptomatic Grade II and Grade III hemorrhoids.
__label__0, This article argues that the default network, augmented by secondary visual and sensorimotor cortices, is the likely neural correlate of dreaming. This hypothesis is based on a synthesis of work on dream content, the findings on the contents and neural correlates of mind-wandering, and the results from EEG and neuroimaging studies of REM sleep. Relying on studies in the 1970s that serendipitously discovered episodes of dreaming during waking mind-wandering, this article presents the seemingly counterintuitive hypothesis that the neural correlates for dreaming could be further specified in the process of carrying out EEG/fMRI studies of mind-wandering and default network activity. This hypothesis could be tested by asking participants for experiential reports during moments of differentially high levels of default network activation, as indicated by mixed EEG/fMRI criteria. Evidence from earlier EEG/fMRI studies of mind-wandering and from laboratory studies of dreaming during the sleep-onset process is used to support the argument.
__label__0, We propose and test a methodological framework to examine the relation between mutual fund fees and return predictability. Gil-Bazo and Ruiz-Verdu (2009) drew attention to the puzzling fact that funds with worse before-fee performance charge higher fees. We make another contribution to the literature about the market for equity mutual funds: we find strong evidence of predictability for mutual fund fees. Funds with both positive and negative relations with fees show strong evidence of negative return predictability for their fees. Our findings are robust to alternative estimation methods and under the assumption of conditionally heteroskedastic stock returns. Our results also show that conditioning information (e.g. dividend yield, t-bill yield, default spread and term spread) are useful in selecting funds with superior performance and are valuable for asset allocation decisions.
__label__0, This paper explores the narratives of a group of Dinka women living in Australia with a focus on the emotional underpinnings of remittance sending to family in Africa. The sending of remittances is shaped by the Dinka relational ontology of cieng which obliges those who have migrated to Australia to financially support relatives left behind in Africa. Through exploring the ‘emotional content of obligation’ (Clark, 1990) this paper considers how cieng and remittance sending can result in feelings including shame and helplessness but also in reinforcing a sense belonging. In addition, this paper argues that while there is continuity in cieng despite the global dispersal of Dinka people, there has been a change in the degree and type of obligation placed on people through cieng.
__label__0, This paper reports on the failure analysis of a finned heat exchanger which leaked in the pressure test during commissioning. The heat exchanger was composed of panels made of thin-walled copper tubes and aluminum fins, and the structure was typical of equipment used in the heating, ventilation and air-conditioning industry. The tube material was phosphorus deoxidized copper Cu–DHP. In the pressure test, one of the tubes was found to have three leakage points. The investigation showed that the failure was a consequence of ant-nest corrosion, as all the experimental findings, together with the copper grade and the tube dimensions, were typical of this corrosion mechanism. Corrosion had initiated from the outer surface of the tube. The paper presents the morphology of the failure using optical and scanning electron microscope (SEM) micrographs. The presence of a contaminating organic substance on the outer tube surface and inside the corrosion crack was verified by SEM/EDS analyses. The corrosion mechanism and the relevant chemical reactions given in the literature are summarized, and the conditions in which the failure may occur are presented. Ant-nest corrosion is a special form of local corrosion, and associated most often with deoxidized copper tubes used in heat transfer applications as in this study.
__label__0, In multicellular organisms, signaling is a necessity and an important mode of communication between cells is mediated by neurotransmitters, hormones, and other chemical messengers that are stored in secretory vesicles. In stimulated conditions secretory vesicles, which are trafficked to be docked at the plasma membrane, enter exocytosis, characterized by vesicle and plasma membrane merger. Due to repulsive forces of negatively charged membrane surfaces, it was long believed that the fusion pore is merely a short lived intermediate state leading irreversibly to a complete merger of both membranes. However, recent results show that the fusion pore is a rather stable structure, which can reversibly reopen to subnanometer diameters; dimensions too narrow to permit the exit of the cargo into the extracellular space. The aim of this chapter is to first review how can such a structure attain stability and compare two models in which membrane constituents are either isotropic or anisotropic in nature. Then we address the molecular nature of such a stable, release-unproductive fusion pore. We conclude that membrane constituents of the stable fusion pore membrane, being made of proteins and/or lipids, very likely consist of architectural elements that exhibit anisotropicity. The dynamics of fusion pore diameter is then determined by the density and architectural properties of these membrane constituents at fusion pore locales.
__label__0, How to define products and powers of distributions is a difficult and not completely understood problem, and has been investigated from several points of views since Schwartz established the theory of distributions around 1950. Many fields, such as differential equations or quantum mechanics, require such operations. In this paper, we use Caputo fractional derivatives and the following generalized Taylor’s formula for 0 < α < 1 ϕ ( t ) = ∑ i = 0 m C D ˆ 0 , t i α ϕ ( 0 ) Γ ( i α + 1 ) t i α + C D ˆ 0 , t ( m + 1 ) α ϕ ( ζ ) Γ ( ( m + 1 ) α + 1 ) t ( m + 1 ) α to give meaning to the distributions δ k ( x ) and ( δ ′ ) k ( x ) for all k ∈ R . These can be regarded as powers of Dirac delta functions and have applications to quantum theory. At the end of this paper, the distributions log δ ( t ) and δ ( t 2 ) are given by the δ-sequence and the neutrix limit.
__label__0, to study the effect of using two cement types, with three different thicknesses, on stress levels and distributions within bone around implant premolar using three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis techniques.
__label__0, Prognosis of prostate cancer has improved as a result of the combination with androgen deprivation therapy and the increase of radiation dose. However, a high number of prostate cancer patients will develop biochemical recurrence; therefore a research effort to increase the control of the tumour in these patients is necessary.
__label__0, Rapid depletion of natural resources with continued demands of an increasing population and high consumption rates of today's world will cause serious problems in the future. This, along with environmental concerns, has directed research towards finding alternatives in variety of sectors including sustainable and environmentally friendly consumer goods. Biopolymers of bacterial origin, with their vast range of applications, biodegradability and eco-friendly manufacturing processes, are one of the alternatives for a more sustainable future. However, the cost of their production is a drawback. Simultaneous production processes have always been an option for researchers in order to reduce cost, but the variable requirements of microorganisms to produce both different and valuable products are a hindering factor. This review will look at some examples and identify ideas towards developing a successful strategy for simultaneous production of bio-products.
__label__0, A series of 1-imidazolyl(alkyl)-substituted quinoline, isoquinoline, naphthalene, benzo[b]furan, and benzo[b]thiophene derivatives was synthesized as dual inhibitors of thromboxane A2 synthase (P450 TxA2) and aromatase (P450 arom). Dual inhibition of these enzymes could be a novel strategy for the treatment of mammary tumors and the prophylaxis of metastases. The most potent dual inhibitors, 5-(2-imidazol-1-ylethyl)-7,8-dihydroquinoline (31) (P450 TxA2:  IC50 = 0.29 μM; P450 arom:  IC50 = 0.50 μM) and its 5,6-saturated analogue 30 (P450 TxA2:  IC50 = 0.68 μM; P450 arom:  IC50 = 0.38 μM), showed a stronger inhibition of both target enzymes than the reference compounds (dazoxiben:  IC50 = 1.1 μM; aminoglutethimide:  IC50 = 18.5 μM). For the determination of the in vivo activity, the influence of selected compounds on serum TxB2 concentration was examined in rats. Compound 30 (8.5 mg/kg body weight) led to a reduction of the TxB2 serum level of 78%, 71%, and 51% after 3, 5, and 8 h, respectively (dazoxiben:  60%, 34%, and 36%). Selectivity was studied toward some enzymes of the steroidogenic and eicosanoid pathways. P450 17 was inhibited by selected compounds only at high concentrations. Compound 30 inhibited P450 scc by 13% (25 μM). Compound 31 did not affect cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase.
__label__0, An extensive and systematic study of the intercalation of a number of commercially important anions into a range of layered double hydroxides (LDHs) has been undertaken. A pseudo-combinatorial approach was employed to determine rapidly the ideal reaction conditions for the intercalation of each guest. Over 50 LDH nanohybrids are reported, the vast majority of them having never previously been synthesized. Guest anions include key drugs, important agrochemicals, vitamins, fragrances, a dye, and a color fixant. The immense potential of LDH systems as reservoirs and to remove agrochemical pollutants from effluvium flows was demonstrated. The release of the guest anions was studied in representative conditions. Some of the thiosulfate intercalates show temperature programmable release characteristics which have not be observed previously.
__label__0, Insulin resistance in the liver and peripheral tissues, together with a pancreatic cell defect, are the common causes of Type 2 diabetes. It is now appreciated that insulin resistance can result from a defect in the insulin receptor signaling system, at a site post binding of insulin to its receptor. Protein tyrosine phosphatases (PTPases) have been shown to be negative regulators of the insulin receptor. Inhibition of PTPases may be an effective method in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. We have identified two novel series of benzofuran/benzothiophene biphenyl oxo-acetic acids and sulfonyl-salicylic acids as potent inhibitors of PTP1B with good oral antihyperglycemic activity. To assist in the design of these inhibitors, crystallographic studies have attempted to identify enzyme inhibitor interactions. Resolution of crystal complexes has suggested that the inhibitors bind to the enzyme active site and are held in place through hydrogen bonding and van der Waals interactions formed within two hydrophobic pockets. In the oxo-acetic acid series, hydrophobic substitutents at position-2 of the benzofuran/benzothiophene biphenyl framework interacted with Phe182 of the catalytic site and were very critical to the intrinsic activity of the molecule. The hydrophobic region of the catalytic-site pocket was exploited and taken advantage by hydrophobic substituents at either the α-carbon or the ortho aromatic positions of the oxo-acetic acid moiety. Similar ortho aromatic substitutions on the salicylic acid-type inhibitors had no effect, primarily due to the different orientation of these inhibitors in the catalytic site. The most active inhibitors of both series inhibited recombinant human PTP1B with phosphotyrosyl dodecapeptide TRDI(P)YETD(P)Y(P)YRK as the source of the substrate with IC50 values in the range of 20−50 nM. Compound 68 was one of the most active compounds in vivo, normalizing plasma glucose levels at the 25 mg/kg dose (po) and the 1 mg/kg dose (ip). Compound 68 was also selective against several other PTPases.
__label__0, The search for synthetic analogues of somatostatin (SRIF) which exhibit selective affinities for the five known receptor subtypes (sst1-5) has generated a large number of potent agonist analogues. Many of these agonists display good subtype selectivities and affinities for the subtypes 2, 3, and 5, with very few selective for sst1 or sst4. Until the recent report by Bass and co-workers (Mol. Pharmacol.1996, 50, 709−715; erratum Mol. Pharmacol.1997, 51, 170), no true antagonists of somatostatin had been discovered, let alone any displaying differential receptor subtype selectivity. In this present study, we further explore the effect of this putative l,5d6 antagonist motif on somatostatin octapeptide analogues with a cyclic hexapeptide core. The most potent antagonist found to date is H-Cpa-cyclo[dCys-Tyr-dTrp-Lys-Thr-Cys]-Nal-NH2, PRL-2970 (21), which has an IC50 of 1.1 nM in a rat pituitary growth hormone in vitro antagonist assay versus SRIF (1 nM). This analogue bound to cloned human somatostatin subtype 2 receptors with a Ki of 26 nM. The highest hsst2 affinity analogue was H-Cpa-cyclo[dCys-Pal-dTrp-Lys-Tle-Cys]-Nal-NH2, PRL-2915 (15), with a Ki of 12 nM (IC50 = 1.8 nM). This analogue was also selective for hsst2 over hsst3 and hsst5 by factors of 8 and 40, respectively, and had no agonist activity when tested alone at concentrations up to 10 μM. Regression analysis of the binding affinities versus the observed antagonist potencies revealed high correlations for hsst2 (r = 0.65) and hsst3 (r = 0.52) with a less significant correlation to hsst5 (r = 0.40). This is quite different from the somatostatin agonist analogues which show a highly significant correlation to hsst2 (r > 0.9). Receptor-selective somatostatin antagonists should provide valuable tools for characterizing the many important physiological functions of this neuropeptide.
__label__0, We present what we believe to be the first documented example of an inducement of distinctly different secondary structure types onto agonists and antagonists selective for the same G-coupled protein receptor using the same membrane-model matrix wherein the induced structures are consistent with those suggested to be biologically active by extensive analogue studies and conventional binding assays. 1H NMR chemical shift assignments for the mammalian NK1 receptor-selective agonists α-neurokinin (NKA) and β-neurokinin (NKB) as well as the mammalian NK1 receptor-selective antagonists [d-Pro2,d-Phe7,d-Trp9]SP and [d-Arg 1,d-Pro 2,d-Phe7,d-His9]SP have been determined at 600 MHz in sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) micelles. The SDS micelle system simulates the membrane−interface environment the peptide experiences when in the proximity of the membrane-embedded receptor, allowing for conformational studies that are a rough approximation of in vivo conditions. Two-dimensional NMR techniques were used to assign proton resonances, and interproton distances were estimated from the observed nuclear Overhauser effects (NOEs). The experimental distances were used as constraints in a molecular dynamics and simulated annealing protocol using the modeling package DISCOVER to generate three-dimensional structures of the two agonists and two antagonists when present in a membrane-model environment to determine possible prebinding ligand conformations. It was determined that (1) NKA is helical from residues 6 to 9, with an extended N-terminus; (2) NKB is helical from residues 4 to 10, with an extended N-terminus; (3) [d-Pro2,d-Phe7,d-Trp9]SP has poorly defined helical properties in the midregion and a β-turn structure in the C-terminus (residues 6−9); and (4) [d-Arg1,d-Pro2,d-Phe7,d-His9]SP has a helical structure in the midregion (residues 4−6) and a well-defined β-turn structure in the C-terminus (residues 6−10). Attempts have been made to correlate the observed conformational differences between the agonists and antagonists to their binding potencies and biological activity.
__label__0, The group contribution equation of state (GC-EoS) is used to describe the phase behavior of gas + ionic liquid mixtures. With this equation, by application of the group contribution concept, if the parameters of the characteristic functional group of a family of ionic liquids are calculated using experimental data of a reduced number of ionic liquids of the family, then the phase behavior of all ionic liquids of the same family can be predicted. With this work, the parameter table of the GC-EoS is extended to systems that are comprised of an ionic liquid of the methylimidazolium bis[(trifluoromethyl)sulfonyl]imide family [−mim][Tf2N] and a gas (H2, CO, C2H4, O2, SO2, CH3OH, N2O, or Xe). Furthermore, a compilation of all GC-EoS parameters for gas + ionic liquid systems currently available in the literature is presented.
__label__0, Light olefins and paraffins are commonly separated by cryogenic distillation. A process based upon reversible chemical complexation, which employs a mass-separating agent rather than an energy-separating agent, presents an attractive alternative to distillation. Use of such a facilitated-transport-assisted process could substantially reduce the capital costs and energy requirements of olefin/paraffin separations. Copper(I) and silver(I) have long been known to form electron donor/acceptor complexes with olefins. Several chemical systems using these transition metals as the selective separating agent have been studied. A review of copper- and silver-based complexing solutions for olefin/paraffin separations via gas/liquid contacting is presented.
__label__0, A series of 79 flavones related to centaureidin (3,6,4‘-trimethoxy-5,7,3‘-trihydroxyflavone, 1) was screened for cytotoxicity in the NCI in vitro 60-cell line human tumor screen. The resulting cytotoxicity profiles of these flavones were compared for degree of similarity to the profile of 1. Selected compounds were further evaluated with in vitro assays of tubulin polymerization and [3H]colchicine binding to tubulin. Maximum potencies for tubulin interaction and production of differential cytotoxicity profiles characteristic of 1 were observed only with compounds containing hydroxyl substituents at C-3‘ and C-5 and methoxyl groups at C-3 and C-4‘.
__label__0, Skeletal isomerization of 1-butene was carried out over ZSM-22 zeolites in a fixed-bed reactor system at near atmospheric pressure. The ZSM-22 zeolites obtained after the synthesis and subsequent calcination showed high activity in the transformation of 1-butene even without ion-exchange procedures. There was a great difference in the catalytic activity between catalysts calcined in a separate calcination oven and catalysts calcined using high flows in the reactor. When a selective isomerization catalyst was prepared using calcination in air, a high flow was required in order to efficiently remove steam and heat. Calcination without any possibility of steam formation could be performed in a flow of nitrogen or even in the reactant flow at temperatures as low as 400 °C. The effect of temperature, time on stream, weight hour space velocity (WHSV), and partial pressure of 1-butene on the skeletal isomerization reaction of 1-butene was studied over the prepared ZSM-22 catalysts. ZSM-22 demonstrated high activity in the skeletal isomerization of 1-butene at extremely high WHSV, even at temperatures as low as 400 °C.
__label__0, Inferential sensing, or soft sensing, gained popularity in recent years as an alternative to continuous emission monitoring systems because of its simplicity, reliability, and cost effectiveness as compared to analogous hardware sensors. In this paper we address the problem of NOx emission using a model of furnace of an industrial boiler, and propose a neural network structure for high performance prediction of NOx as well as O2. The studied boiler is 160 MW, gas fired with natural gas, water-tube boiler, having two vertically aligned burners. The boiler model is a 3D problem that involves turbulence, combustion, radiation in addition to NOx modeling. The 3D computational fluid dynamic model is developed using Fluent simulation package. The model provides calculations of the 3D temperature distribution as well as the rate of formation of the NOx pollutant, enabling a better understanding on how and where NOx are produced. The boiler was simulated under various operating conditions. The generated data is then used for initial development and assessment of neural network soft sensors for emission prediction based on the conventional process variable measurements. The performance of the proposed soft sensor is then evaluated using actual data from an industrial boiler. The developed soft sensor achieves comparable accuracy to the continuous emission monitor analyzer, however, with substantial reduction in the cost of equipment and maintenance.
__label__0, NMR (1H and 31P) and HPLC techniques were used to study the partitioning of phosphoramide mustard (PM) and its aziridinium ions among alkylation and P−N bond hydrolysis reactions as a function of the concentration and strength of added nucleophiles at 37 °C and pH 7.4. With water as the nucleophile, bisalkylation accounted for only 10−13% of the product distribution given by PM. The remainder of the products resulted from P−N bond hydrolysis reactions. With 50 mM thiosulfate or 55−110 mM glutathione (GSH), bisalkylation by a strong nucleophile increased to 55−76%. The rest of the PM was lost to either HOH alkylation or P−N bond hydrolysis reactions. Strong experimental and theoretical evidence was obtained to support the hypothesis that the P−N bond scission observed at neutral pH does not occur in the parent PM to produce nornitrogen mustard; rather it is an aziridinium ion derived from PM which undergoes P−N bond hydrolysis to give chloroethylaziridine. In every buffer studied (bis-Tris, lutidine, triethanolamine, and Tris), the decomposition of PM (with and without GSH) gave rise to 31P NMR signals which could not be attributed to products of HOH or GSH alkylation or P−N bond hydrolysis. The intensities of these unidentified signals were dependent on the concentration of buffer.
__label__0, An improved two-dimensional Incompressible Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (ISPH) model is developed to simulate free surface flow interaction with structures. In this model, the improved mirror particle treatment for solid boundaries is developed, in which the mirror parameters and mirroring rules are redefined. The proposed mirror particle treatment is more accurate with less artificial oscillations of pressure. The improvement of pressure computations is verified by a benchmark test of dam break flow and the comparisons with the documented data showed satisfactory agreement. A series of numerical simulations have been conducted to further verify the applicability of the model for simulations of wave interaction with coastal structures of various shapes. These include linear wave reflection from an impermeable breakwater, solitary wave passing a rectangular obstacle and periodic wave train decompositions over a submerged shelf. In these simulations, the total particle number employed is up to 150,000 and rather good agreement has been obtained when the numerical results are compared to available analytical, experimental, and other numerical data found in literatures.
__label__0, Composing of both zeolite and mesoporous structures, micro/mesoporous composites exhibit promising CO2 capture capabilities. In this work, a full-atomic mimetic 5A-MCM-41 structure with bimodal pores has been constructed, in which the microporous structure of 5A zeolite is constructed and optimized based on zeolite A with Ca and Na cations introduced; whereas the mesoporous MCM-41 structure is produced by caving the cylindrical pores in the obtained 5A zeolite matrix. CO2 adsorption on 5A-MCM-41 has been simulated by the grand canonical Monte Carlo (GCMC). The simulation results demonstrated that CO2 is preferentially adsorbed in micropores, and the CO2 adsorption capacity and its isosteric heat on 5A-MCM-41 are much larger than those of N2. The CO2 selectivity of 5A-MCM-41 results from the electrostatic interaction of the quadrupole CO2 molecule with Ca2+ cations of the zeolite. Furthermore, the hierarchical micro/mesoporous composites are synthesized to verify the simulated predictions. By the hydrothermal reaction using 5A zeolite “seeds” as the silicon source and hexadecyl trimethylammonium bromide (CTAB) as the mesoporous template, 5A-MCM-41 composites are obtained, the characteristic results show that typical 5A microporous structure is remained and disordered mesoporous networks are produced in the composites. Moreover, the CO2 adsorption capacity of the 5A-MCM-41 composites can reach as high as 4.08 mmol/g at 100 kPa and 298 K. These observations have been strongly supported that micro/mesoporous composites with metal ions located would be promising adsorbents for CO2 separation.
__label__0, We examined the differences in physical self-perception and motivation toward physical activity in early- and mid-adolescent girls. Body Mass Index (BMI) and pubertal status, assessed by means of the Tanner scale, were collected in 11-year-old (n = 74) and 13-year-old girls (n = 60). The assessment included six scales from the Physical Self-Description Questionnaire, t
__label__0, Next generation neural interfaces aspire to achieve real-time multi-channel systems by integrating spike sorting on chip to overcome limitations in communication channel capacity. The feasibility of this approach relies on developing highly efficient algorithms for feature extraction and clustering with the potential of low-power hardware implementation. We are proposing a feature extraction method, not requiring any calibration, based on first and second derivative features of the spike waveform. The accuracy and computational complexity of the proposed method are quantified and compared against commonly used feature extraction methods, through simulation across four datasets (with different single units) at multiple noise levels (ranging from 5 to 20% of the signal amplitude). The average classification error is shown to be below 7% with a computational complexity of 2N − 3, where N is the number of sample points of each spike. Overall, this method presents a good trade-off between accuracy and computational complexity and is thus particularly well-suited for hardware-efficient implementation.
__label__0, The current method employed by the Johannesburg Stock Exchange1 (JSE) to determine implied volatility is based on trade data and a linear deterministic approach. The aim of this paper is to construct a market-related arbitrage-free implied volatility surface, by using a quadratic deterministic function, for two stock indices and ten single stock futures (SSFs). Actual traded data is used and we show practically how all no-arbitrage conditions are implemented and tested.
__label__0, The effect of iron and iron/zinc supplementation on their levels in tissues of rats fed initially one of the three following regimen: C – control AIN-93 diet, D – iron deficient diet and R – diet with 50% reduction of all vitamins and minerals was investigated. The study was conducted on 6-week male Wistar rats, in 3 stages: (1) 4-week adaptation to the diets (C, D or R); (2) 4-week supplementation with the same regimen enriched with 10-times more iron (CSFe, DSFe, RSFe) or iron/zinc (CSFeZn, DSFeZn, RSFeZn); (3) 2-week post-supplementation period (the same diets as the stage I). Iron and zinc content in serum, the initial segment of intestine, liver and kidney were measured using FAAS method. After supplementation period (stage II) the content of iron in the intestine, liver and kidney in groups of rats fed DSFe and DSFeZn-diet were significantly higher (all p-values ≤ 0.05) than in rats fed D-diet (intestine: DSFe = 50.1 ± 9.0 μg/g wet weight, DSFeZn = 43.0 ± 9.9 μg/g vs. D = 16.5 ± 2.1 μg/g; liver: DSFe = 149 ± 30 μg/g, DSFeZn = 152 ± 25 μg/g vs. D = 56 ± 13 μg/g; kidney: DSFe = 74.0 ± 8.1 μg/g, DSFeZn = 72.7 ± 6.6 μg/g vs. D = 59.3 ± 9.5 μg/g). The same significant associations (all p-values ≤ 0.05) were observed in R rats in the intestine and liver (intestine: RSFe = 60.8 ± 6.6 μg/g, RSFeZn = 54.8 ± 6.6 μg/g vs. R = 31.5 ± 8.2 μg/g; liver: RSFe = 161 ± 10 μg/g, RSFeZn = 166 ± 21 μg/g vs. R = 136 ± 24 μg/g). After post-supplementation period the statistically significant differences between supplemented and non-supplemented rats fed D- and R-diets were still observed. There was not found the effect of applied treatments on zinc status. In conclusion, iron or iron/zinc supplementation increased similarly iron level in tissues of rats fed D-diet or R-diet with prolonged effect after supplementation discontinuation.
__label__0, In this paper we present different regularity conditions that equivalently characterize ε -duality gap statements for optimization problems consisting of minimizing the sum of a function with the precomposition of a cone-increasing function to a vector function. These regularity conditions are formulated by using epigraphs and ε -subdifferentials. Taking ε = 0 one can rediscover recent results on stable strong and total duality and zero duality gap from the literature. Moreover, we deliver as byproducts ε -optimality conditions and ( ε , η ) -saddle point statements for the aforementioned kind of problems, and ε -Farkas statements involving the sum of a function with the precomposition of a cone-increasing function to a vector function.
__label__0, A Finsler space is called Ricci-quadratic if its Ricci curvature R i c ( x , y ) is quadratic in y . It is called a Berwald space if its Chern connection defines a linear connection directly on the underlying manifold M . In this article, we prove that a homogeneous Randers space is Ricci-quadratic if and only if it is of Berwald type.
__label__0, The concentrations of 22 major and trace elements in livers from rats aging from 5 to 113 weeks old were determined. The rats investigated were the same rats previously reported with respect to 29 elements in bones (femur) and 26 elements in kidneys. The samples were decomposed with high-purity nitric acid and hydrogen peroxide. Seven elements (Na, Mg, P, K, Ca, Fe and Zn) were determined by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry (ICP-AES), and 15 elements (Mn, Co, Cu, As, Se, Rb, Sr, Mo, Cd, Sn, Sb, Cs, Ba, Pb and Bi) were determined by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for age variations indicated that the concentrations of many elements, such as Mg, P, K, Mn, Fe, Cu, Zn, Sr, Mo and Cd, were almost constant across the ages of the rats with the exception of 5 weeks old (p > 0.05). Arsenic, Pb and Bi showed significant increasing trends, while Na and Co showed decreasing trends (p < 0.01). Selenium showed a decreasing trend except at the initial stage of 5–9 weeks old. Calcium, Rb, Sn, Sb, Cs and Ba showed significant age-related variations, but their patterns were not monotonic. The liver clearly contrasts with the kidneys, in which many elements showed significant age-related variations with increasing trends. The concentration ranges of Mg, P, K, Mn, Cu, Zn, and Mo were controlled within 15% across all ages of rats. The homeostasis of the aforementioned elements may be well established in the liver. The toxic elements, such as Cd, Pb and Bi, showed a narrow concentration range among age-matched rats.
__label__0, Selective recruitment of IFN-γ biased Th1 effector cells at the pathologic site(s) determines the local immunity of tuberculosis (TB). We observed the enrichment of CXCR3, CCR5 and CD11ahigh T cells in the peripheral blood, pleural fluid and bronchoalveolar lavage of TB pleural effusion (TB-PE) and miliary tuberculosis (MTB) patients respectively. CXCR3+CCR5+ T cells were significantly high at the local disease site(s) in both the forms of TB and their frequency was highest among activated lymphocytes in TB-PE. Interestingly, all CCR5+ cells were invariably positive for CXCR3 but all CXCR3+ cells did not co-express CCR5 in pleural fluid whereas the situation was reverse in bronchoalveolar lavage. These CXCR3+CCR5+ cells dominantly produced IFN-γ in response to Mycobacterium tuberculosis antigen. In vitro chemotaxis assay indicates dominant role of RANTES and IP-10 in the selective recruitment of CXCR3+CCR5+cells at the tubercular pathologic sites.
__label__0, We introduce an effective way to improve the electrochemical and thermal stabilities of natural graphite anodes of lithium ion batteries. Through a thermal decomposition of H3PO4 and H3BO3, phosphorus and boron can be successfully incorporated into the surface of natural graphite by the formation of chemical bonds with carbon. By incorporation of these heteroatoms, the electrochemical stability of natural graphite can be significantly improved, even under severe operating conditions. From the results of various structural and electrochemical analyses, the incorporated heteroatoms are thought to be affecting the physicochemical properties of the solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) by promoting additional Li+ consumption and thus making it more stable. In addition, we found that the heteroatoms also have potential to improve the thermal resistivity of the natural graphite anode. These findings could be helpful for developing natural graphite anodes with a good electrochemical as well as thermal properties for use in lithium ion batteries.
__label__0, To evaluate the antiprotozoal activity and cytotoxicity of extracts and fractions from the leaves, root bark and stem bark of Alstonia congensis (Apocynaceae), used in traditional medicine against parasitic diseases.
__label__0, Density-functional theory-based total-energy calculations have been performed in order to ascertain the heats of formation of the binary phases Fe1–xMnx in the bcc, fcc, and hcp structure types. Each structure type and composition range of the solid solutions have been critically assessed with respect to their magnetic ground state and the course of the molar volume as a function of the stoichiometry. All theoretical energy data have been combined into an enthalpy–composition phase diagram, to be critically compared with an analogous plot derived from the CALPHAD method. The two radically different methods result in very similar diagrams. Noticeable deviations do occur as well, particularly for highly unstable regions where the real magnetic ground state is a matter of debate.
__label__0, A tandem process for the oxidative amidation of benzyl alcohols with amine hydrochloride salts has been developed using inexpensive Fe(NO3)3 as the catalyst, air and aqueous t-butyl hydroperoxide as oxidants. A wide range of benzamides have been synthesized under mild conditions. This greener amide formation method provides an economical and practical assess to benzamides from readily available and inexpensive starting materials.
__label__0, In order to analyse the impact of policy reforms on the performance of the banking sector in Iran we present a decomposition of the Hicks–Moorsteen Total Factor Productivity (TFP). This entails a comparison of both the intermediate and operating performances of different types of banks in the pre- and post-reform eras. Our results show that under the intermediation approach, state-owned banks (public banks) were considerably more efficient than private banks in the post-regulation period. In contrast, under the operating approach, private banks were fully technically efficient and mix efficient in both pre and post-reform eras. This paper highlights the importance of analysing performance from multiple perspectives. The findings reflect public banks’ mission to maximise loans to target groups while private banks are motivated more by financial profit.
__label__0, As the population ages, spinal stenosis is becoming a more common condition. Often, elderly patients suffer from comorbidities that may increase the risks associated with general anesthesia or extensive surgeries. Unfortunately, with limited conservative treatment options, surgical decompression often becomes the only alternative. Recently a percutaneous minimally invasive lumbar decompression technique has emerged as a safe and highly successful therapeutic option for this group of patients. In this review, I present the current evidence in support of minimally invasive lumbar decompression as a novel therapeutic option for the growing population with lumbar spinal stenosis.
__label__0, Deletion mutants of loach oocyte 5S rRNA genes were injected and transcribed in vivo in the nuclei of loach (Misgurmus fossilis) and Xenopus laevis. A control region was found in the 5′-flanking sequence, the elimination of which greatly decreases in vivo transcription of 5S rRNA genes. This cis-acting element is located in the region between nt-18 and the transcription start point. We purpose that the oocyte nucleus contains (a) specific transcriptional factor(s), NTFO, which interacts with the cis-acting element we described. We also propose that NTFO is inactivated in maturing oocytes when nucleoplasm interacts with oocyte cytoplasm after germinal vesicle breakdown. The residual activity of this factor(s) may be responsible for low-level synthesis of oocyte 5S rRNA at the beginning of embryogenesis. We consider the disappearance of NTFO during gastrulation to be responsible for the total inactivation of oocyte 5S rRNA genes in embryonic and somatic tissue.
__label__0, Glutathione metabolism can determine an individual's ability to detoxify drugs. To increase understanding of the dynamics of cellular glutathione homeostasis, we have developed an experiment-based mathematical model of the kinetics of the glutathione network. This model was used to simulate perturbations observed when human liver derived THLE cells, transfected with human cytochrome P452E1 (THLE-2E1 cells), were exposed to paracetamol (acetaminophen).
__label__0, In order to find novel antifungal agents with good activity and aqueous solubility, a series of SYN-2869 analogues containing a pyridine ring were synthesized and evaluated for their in vitro antifungal activity and water solubility. The results indicated that some compounds showed potent activity against six pathogenic fungi. In particular, the analogue 17a having an isobutyl substitution on the triazolone exhibited significant broad spectrum antifungal activity. In addition, the water solubility of compound 17a was sufficiently improved over SYN-2869.
__label__0, The aim of this work was to investigate the potential of UV–visible (UV–vis), near infrared (NIR) and mid infrared (MIR) spectroscopy, coupled with chemometric techniques, to detect minced beef adulteration with turkey meat. Besides 44 minced meat samples of pure bovine and 44 of pure turkey, 154 mixtures of minced beef adulterated with turkey meat in the range 5–50% (w/w) were prepared and analyzed. The spectral data, standardized by different pre-treatments, were processed, separately or fused, using Principal Component Analysis (PCA), Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA), and Partial Least Squares (PLS) regression. Moreover, a variable selection method was performed before classification and regression analysis. Among the three spectroscopic techniques, comparing the PLS models in terms of errors in prediction (RMSEP), the best results were obtained with NIR and MIR spectroscopy, whereas the UV–vis results were less satisfactory. Finally, combining information from UV–vis, NIR and MIR spectroscopy improved the overall results.
__label__0, Teeth and bones are frequently the only sources of DNA available for identification of degraded or fragmented human remains. The unique composition of teeth and their location in the jawbone provide additional protection to DNA compared to bones making them a preferred source of DNA in many cases. Despite this, post-mortem changes in the structure and composition of teeth, and the location and diagenesis of DNA within them are poorly understood. This review summarises current knowledge of tooth morphology with respect to DNA content and preservation, and discusses the way in which post-mortem changes will affect the recovery of DNA from teeth under a range of commonly used extraction protocols. We highlight the benefits and pitfalls of using specific tooth tissues for DNA extraction and make recommendations for tooth selection and sampling that will maximise DNA typing success. A comprehensive understanding of tooth structure and an appreciation of the relationship between DNA and mineralized tissues in post-mortem teeth are critical for optimal sample selection. More informed sampling methods that target specific tooth tissues will increase the likelihood of successful genetic analysis and allow for efficient and timely missing persons case work and disaster victim identification response.
__label__0, An optical fiber curvature sensor based on photonic crystal fiber (PCF) modal interferometer is demonstrated. The sensor is fabricated by a length of 5 cm PCF which is spliced between two single mode fibers (SMF). The result shows that this sensor is sensitive to curvature with a sensitivity coefficient of 4.451 nm m−1 in the range of 0–2.14 m−1, and the resolution of the curvature measurement is about 4.4 × 10−3 m−1. The temperature sensitivity of the sensor is only 7.78 pm/°C, so it is more suitable for curvature measuring.
__label__0, Mach–Zehnder interferometer strain sensors made from pieces of photonic crystal fiber spliced to standard single mode fibers are fabricated with different lengths. High strain sensitivity of 2.1 pm/με at 1550 nm is achieved with the length of 45 mm. The interference is induced by the core mode and the high order core mode due to the special air hole structure of PCF, which is independent of the surrounding refractive index. The temperature sensitivity (∼13.24 pm/°C) is relatively low. This structure is good in avoiding cross sensitivity in strain measurement and is fabricated with a simple process and low cost.
__label__0, During the fusion splicing Hollow Core Photonic Crystal Fiber (HC-PCF), the air-holes collapse easily due to the improper fusion duration time and optical power. To analyze the temperature characteristics of fusion splicing HC-PCF, a heating method by sinusoidal modulation CO2 laser has been proposed. In the sinusoidal modulation, the variation relationships among laser power, temperature difference and angular frequency are analyzed. The results show that the theoretical simulation is basically in accordance with the experimental data. Therefore, a low-loss fusion splicing can be achieved by modulating the CO2 laser frequency to avoid the air-holes collapse of HC-PCF. Further, the errors are also given.
__label__0, A fiber-optic long-period grating (LPG) operating near the dispersion turning point in its phase matching curve, referred to as a turn-around-point (TAP) LPG, is known to be highly sensitive to external parameters. So far TAP LPGs have been realized in specially designed or post-processed conventional fibers, not yet in PCFs, which allow a great degree of freedom in engineering the fiber's dispersion properties through the control of the PCF structural parameters. We have developed the design optimization technique for TAP PCF-LPGs employing the finite element method for PCF modal analysis in a combination with the Nelder–Mead simplex method for minimizing the objective function based on target-specific PCF properties. Using this tool TAP PCF-LPGs can be designed for specified wavelength ranges and refractive indices of medium in the air holes. We present here the dispersion optimization of PCF-LPG for refractometry of gases. The resonant wavelength of an optimized PCF-LPG is subsequently highly sensitive to the refractive index of gaseous analytes, however, its large shifts could be detected with a substantially reduced resolution because the resonance dip in the TAP LPG transmission spectrum is broad. We have resolved the resolution problem by proposing an interferometric scheme based on twin TAP LPGs.
__label__0, ZSM-5 nanocrystals with Si/Al ratios in the range of 30–80 have been synthesised successfully by a seed-induced method. The physicochemical properties of the ZSM-5 nanocrystals were characterised by XRD, SEM, N2 adsorption, FT-IR, TG/DTG, 27Al MAS NMR, NH3-TPD and Py-IR. The catalytic activities of HZSM-5 with different Si/Al ratios (H-ZN-x) were evaluated at a temperature of 400 °C and a weight hourly space velocity (WHSV) of 0.5 h−1 by the methylation of naphthalene. The H-ZN-65 (Si/Al = 65) catalyst exhibited the highest activity (naphthalene conversion of 74.3%), which is attributed to the strong acidity and large external surface area of the zeolites. H-ZN-30 (Si/Al = 30) showed higher selectivity for the β and β′ site of dimethylnaphthalene, which is associated closely with the intermediate acidity and shape selectivity of ZSM-5 with its large micropore volume (0.154 cm3/g).
__label__0, The present review summarizes the pathogenic mechanisms leading to hip fracture based on epidemiological, experimental, and controlled clinical studies. The estimated lifetime risk of hip fracture is about 14% in postmenopausal women and 6% in men. The incidence of hip fractures increases exponentially with aging, but the time trend in increasing age-specific incidence may finally reach a plateau. Postmenopausal women suffering earlier non-hip fractures have an increased risk of later hip fracture. The relative risk is highest within the first years following the fracture. Nursing home residents have a high risk of hip fracture (annual rate of 5–6%), and their incidence of falls is about 1.5 falls/person per year. Most hip fractures are a result of a direct trauma against the hip. The incidence of falls on the hip among nursing home residents is about 0.29 falls/person per year and about 20% of these traumas lead to hip fracture. Women with hip fractures have a lower body weight compared with controls, and they may also have less soft tissue covering the hip, even when adjusted for body mass index, indicating a more android body habitus. Experimental studies show that the passive energy absorption in soft tissue covering the hip may influence the risk of hip fracture and be an important determinant for the development of hip fracture, perhaps even more important than bone strength. External hip protectors were developed and tested in an open randomized nursing home study. The rate of hip fracture was reduced by 50%, corresponding to 9 of 247 residents saved from sustaining a hip fracture. This review points to the essentials in the development of hip fracture: risk of fall; type of fall; type of impact; energy absorption; and last, bone strength, which is the final permissive factor leading to hip fracture. Risk estimation and prevention of hip fracture may prove realistic when these issues are taken into consideration.
__label__0, The nanocrystalline zinc oxide (ZnO) films were deposited by a sol–gel method and the effect of sol aging time 0, 1, 7 and 11 days on the structural, optical and photoluminescence properties were investigated. X-ray diffraction analysis showed that the deposited films were polycrystalline with hexagonal wurtzite structure and high orientation along c-axis direction. The grain size was in the range of 42–60 nm increased with sol aging time also the thickness increased from 70 to 147 nm with the aging time increment. The roughness of ZnO film investigated by atomic force microscope showed that roughness of the films increased then decreased with the increment of the aging time. The deposited films are highly transparent with an average transmission exceeding 82–95% in the visible range (400–800 nm), which slightly improved with aging time. The measured optical band gap values of the ZnO films were between 3.1 eV and 3.6 eV. The photoluminescence intensity increased with the aging time and the ZnO films have ultraviolet, violet and green emission.
__label__0, 1. 1. Oxygen affinity of whole blood of 51 species of lizards from 12 families was measured at the eccritic temperature of each species. 2. 2. Blood oxygen affinity was lower than that of birds or mammals and increased with increasing body size. 3. 3. Iguanid lizards were used as a basis for comparisons of other families. Blood oxygen affinity of lizards in the families Agamidae, Cordylidae, Lacertidae and Varanidae did not differ from that of iguanids of comparable body size. 4. 4. Teiid and anguid lizards had lower oxygen affinities than iguanids. possibly reflecting their more active lives. 5. 5. Scincid and chamaeleonid lizards had higher blood oxygen affinities than iguanids, apparently as a result of their lower eccritic temperatures. 6. 6. Geckonid and xantusiid lizards had higher blood oxygen affinities than iguanids at their normally low eccritic temperatures and at higher temperatures comparable to eccritic temperatures of iguanid lizards.
__label__0, Let K denote an algebraically closed field of characteristic zero. Let V denote a vector space over K with finite positive dimension. By a Leonard triple on V we mean an ordered triple of linear transformations A, A ⁎ , A ε in End ( V ) such that for each B ∈ { A , A ⁎ , A ε } there exists a basis for V with respect to which the matrix representing B is diagonal and the matrices representing the other two linear transformations are irreducible tridiagonal. In this paper we define a family of Leonard triples said to have Racah type and classify them up to isomorphism. Moreover, we show that each of them satisfies the Z 3 -symmetric Askey–Wilson relations. As an application, we construct all Leonard triples that have Racah type from the universal enveloping algebra U ( sl 2 ) .
__label__0, We introduce a method that identifies the boundary of a nonconvex shape of a set of points in the plane. The boundary of the shape is explored through finding empty regions recursively within a shell that encapsulates all of the points. Our algorithm is output sensitive and runs in linear O ( ℓ n ) time determined by the output parameter ℓ , which is proportional to the length of the nonconvex boundary measured by a threshold unit distance. The recursive nature of our algorithm allows a tree structure that characterizes the empty regions, and by complementarity, the nonconvex shape itself. We use a distance measure based on lowest common ancestor of a pair of nodes in this tree and define the complexity of a shape as the average of the distances between all pairs. We present computational results on data size, threshold, shape complexity and noise on a set of different nonconvex shapes.
__label__0, 1. 1. Desert iguanas acclimated to a simulated altitude of 5500 m (18,000 ft) for 4 weeks had hematocrits and hemoglobin concentrations which averaged 22 and 19 per cent higher, respectively, than values for sea level controls. 2. 2. Erythrocyte count was increased 21 per cent by acclimation to altitude. 3. 3. Exposure to chronic hypoxia had no effect on mean corpuscular hemoglobin, heart-body weight ratio or total body water content.
__label__0, The alginate lyase (Aly; guluronate specific) — coding gene of Klebsiella pneumoniae was cloned using the cosmid vector pMMB33, transduced into Escherichia coli and expressed in this host. Four Aly-positive clones with unstable phenotypes were identified out of 700 kanamycin-resistant transductants. A stable derivative of one of the clones was studied further and contained 12.1-kb of insert DNA. The Aly-coding gene (aly), still partially under the control of its native promoter, was localised within a 1.95-kb HindIII fragment by transposon γδ mutagenesis and sub-cloning. Most of the Aly produced was secreted into the medium by both the original K. pneumoniae strain (71.7%) and the E. coli recombinant clones (85.1%). The enzyme from both K. pneumoniae and the E. coli clones had a pI of 8.9 and comprised a single 28-kDa polypeptide chain. Other minor bands were also observed on isoelectric focusing and these were attributed to processing intermediates of a single gene product. It is concluded that E. coli can recognise and process the signal peptide of Aly to produce a mature polypeptide that is identical to that synthesised by K. pneumoniae.
__label__0, Education and cognitive occupations are commonly associated to reduce risk of Alzheimer's disease (AD) or dementia. Animal studies have demonstrated that cognitive stimulation (CS) achieved by social/physical activities and/or enriched environments compensates for memory decline. We have elaborated a novel paradigm of CS that is devoid of physical/social activity and enriched environments. 4 month-old Tg2576 mice were cognitively trained for 8 weeks and, after a break of 8 months, long-lasting effects of CS on cognitive abilities and AD-like pathology were measured. Morris Water Maze (MWM) and Novel Object Recognition (NOR) tests showed that deficits in spatial and recognition memories were compensated by CS. These outcomes were accompanied by increased levels of hippocampal post-synaptic markers (PSD95 and NR1) and proteins involved in synaptic formation (Arc, β-catenin). CS softened amyloid pathology in terms of reduced levels of Aβ1–42 and the dodecameric assembly, referred as Aβ*56. CS appeared to affect the APP processing since differences in levels of ADAM17, BACE1 and C99/C83 ratio were found. Tau hyper-phosphorylation and high activities of tau kinases were also reduced by CS. In contrast, CS did not induce any of these molecular changes in wild-type mice. The present findings suggest beneficial and long-lasting effects of CS early in life on cognitive decline and AD-like pathology.
__label__0, Like tobacco smoking, habitual marijuana smoking causes numerous adverse pulmonary effects. However, the mechanisms of action involved, especially as compared to tobacco smoke, are still unclear. To uncover putative modes of action, this study employed a toxicogenomics approach to compare the toxicological pathways perturbed following exposure to marijuana and tobacco smoke condensate in vitro. Condensates of mainstream smoke from hand-rolled tobacco and marijuana cigarettes were similarly prepared using identical smoking conditions. Murine lung epithelial cells were exposed to low, medium and high concentrations of the smoke condensates for 6 h. RNA was extracted immediately or after a 4 h recovery period and hybridized to mouse whole genome microarrays. Tobacco smoke condensate (TSC) exposure was associated with changes in xenobiotic metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation, and DNA damage response. These same pathways were also significantly affected following marijuana smoke condensate (MSC) exposure. Although the effects of the condensates were largely similar, dose–response analysis indicates that the MSC is substantially more potent than TSC. In addition, steroid biosynthesis, apoptosis, and inflammation pathways were more significantly affected following MSC exposure, whereas M phase cell cycle pathways were more significantly affected following TSC exposure. MSC exposure also appeared to elicit more severe oxidative stress than TSC exposure, which may account for the greater cytotoxicity of MSC. This study shows that in general MSC impacts many of the same molecular processes as TSC. However, subtle pathway differences can provide insight into the differential toxicities of the two complex mixtures.
__label__0, A mathematical model of the industrial continuous process polymerization of ε-caprolactam into polyamide 6 (nylon 6) was developed. The model considers a kinetic solution of all reactions taking place in the process, namely ring opening of caprolactam, polycondensation, polyaddition, ring opening of cyclic dimers, polyaddition of cyclic dimers, and in this case, the reaction with acetic acid. The analysis is based on the assumption of plug flow in all reactor zones (model M1) and ideal mixing in the top zone and plug flow in the lower reactor zones (model M2). The model also considers the temperature profile during polymerization and the variation of residence times in the reactor due to the heating bodies placed inside the reactor. The mathematical model was tested on two industrial continuous flow reactors for various flow rates and different temperature profiles. The results of numerical calculations were in all cases in very good agreement with the experimental data.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Critical considerations of the Ludlam model for producing large hailstones are presented. In connection with the results of the work on turbulence by Kolmogorov, von Karman and Heisenberg, it is questionable whether the procedure of how the water content of supercooled droplets is transported onto neighboring ice particles occurs according to the laws of molecular diffusion. The significance of the Bergeron-Findeisen mechanism for producing precipitation is mentioned and referred to the newest experimental finding on the structure of hailstones.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Catalysts with bidisperse pore structures are extensively used in chemical industries. In such catalysts, diffusion and reaction in the microporous particles are preceded by diffusion in the macropores. The relative significance of macro- and micropore diffusion resistances on the observed reaction rates with linear and nonlinear rate forms, heat effects, catalyst deactivation and selectivity problems in bidisperse catalysts are investigated in number of published works. In this article, a review of the models proposed in the literature is presented together with a critical analysis of assumptions involved. Criteria are presented to test the relative significance of transport limitations. Also, a review of experimental techniques and experimental values of micro- and macropore effective diffusivities of gases in solids with bidisperse pore structures, such as zeolite pellets and supported porous catalysts, is given.
__label__0, Calcined dolomites (CaO−MgO) from four different quarries have been tested for the upgrading of the hot raw gas from a fluidized bed gasifier of biomass with air. These calcined dolomites have big macropores (900−4000 Å) and low (3.8−12 m2/g) BET surface areas. They have been tested in a fixed bed of 6 cm i.d. downstream from the air-blown biomass gasifier. The change in gas composition (contents in H2, CO, CO2, CH4, ...), tar content, gas heating value, etc., has been studied at different temperatures (780−920 °C) as well as space-times for the gas in the bed (0.03−0.10 kg·h/m3) and the type of dolomite. Increasing the equivalence ratio used in the gasifier and decreasing the H/C ratio of the gas increases the refractoriness of the tars to be eliminated by the calcined dolomite. Activation energies (100 ± 20 kJ/mol) and preexponential factors for the overall tar elimination reaction have been calculated for the different dolomites under realistic conditions. The activity of the dolomite for tar elimination can increase by 20% on increasing its pore diameter or its Fe2O3 content. Comparison of results with similar ones obtained in biomass gasification with steam is also presented.
__label__0, Much of the sulfur sorbent research and development work has focused considerably on zinc-based sorbents. Because of concern over the gradual loss of reactivity and physical deterioration in long-term cyclic operation at elevated temperature, extensive research is still being conducted to improve the performance of zinc-based sorbents; justifiably, however, investigation of non-zinc-based materials has also been pursued as a logical approach to develop more effective alternatives. This paper reports on research conducted for the development of copper-based sorbents for hot coal gas desulfurization applications in the temperature range of 550−650 °C. A thermodynamic analysis is given to rationalize the selection of chromia (Cr2O3), and its potential superiority to alumina (Al2O3), for the stabilization of copper oxide (Cu2O) against complete reduction to elemental copper (Cu) upon exposure to a fuel gas in the indicated temperature range. The results of packed-bed experiments carried out for the determination of optimum operating conditions as well as the evaluation of the long-term durability and regenerability of a selected copper chromite sorbent are presented and discussed. The regenerable copper chromite sorbent developed, designated as CuCr-29, is capable of achieving less than 5 ppmv H2S concentration in the cleaned fuel gas. The optimum desulfurization temperature in terms of sorbent efficiency (terminal H2S levels in the cleaned fuel gas) and utilization (sulfur capacity at breakthrough or effective capacity) for this sorbent is determined to be about 600 °C. Sorbent regeneration with a dilute O2−N2 gas mixture at 750 °C ensured complete conversion of the copper sulfide to oxide without sulfate formation or reactivity deterioration in subsequent cycles.
__label__0, Novel tetra-, tri-, and P,P‘-dipivaloyloxymethyl esters of clodronic acid were synthesized, and their properties as possible prodrugs of clodronate were evaluated in vitro. All pivaloyloxymethyl esters were significantly more lipophilic (log Papp ranged from −2.1 to 7.4) than clodronate (log Papp ≤ −5.4), which suggests that it may be possible to change the intestinal absorption mechanism of clodronate from a paracellular to a transcellular pathway by a prodrug approach. Pivaloyloxymethyl esters degraded rapidly in 10% rabbit liver homogenate, and half-lives of tri- and P,P‘-diesters were 1.1 and 14 min, respectively. The intermediate degradation products were further degraded, and clodronic acid was released in quantitative amounts. In human serum, the stability of pivaloyloxymethyl esters was comparable to their stability in phosphate buffer (pH 7.4), which suggests that their degradation in human serum is mostly due to the chemical hydrolysis. Benzoyloxypropyl esters of clodronic acid were also synthesized, but they did not release clodronic acid due to the enzymatic and chemical stability of the formed 3-hydroxypropyl phosphonate esters and are, therefore, not prodrugs.
__label__0, Lime is widely utilized as a sorbent in dry and semidry sulfur removal processes. In this study limestone was calcined at high temperature and lime was produced by water vapor steam treatment at low temperature. Experiments were performed at conditions that also cover those usually present in coal-fired power plants. The investigation of the reaction of lime with synthetic flue gas showed that the relative humidity of the gas has a major impact on the reactivity. Also the presence of oxygen and/or carbon dioxide does not show a significant influence on the sulfur dioxide removal reaction though some intermediate formation of calcium carbonate cannot be excluded. Mainly calcium sulfite hemihydrate was found to be the reaction product, but some calcium sulfate hemihydrate was also formed when oxygen was present. Four regions with different prevailing reaction mechanisms can be defined:  In the beginning the formation of a monolayer is mainly determined by the SO2 concentration and to some smaller extent also by the relative humidity. This period is followed by the formation of the consecutive product layers which can initially be determined by a dissolving process of SO2. Afterward this formation is only determined by the relative humidity and most likely by product layer diffusion. Above a conversion of around 9% reaction rate drops significantly which can be due to pore closure.
__label__0, The structure−activity relationships of 6-phenyl-1,4-dihydropyridine derivatives as selective antagonists at human A3 adenosine receptors have been explored (Jiang et al. J. Med. Chem.1997, 39, 4667−4675). In the present study, related pyridine derivatives have been synthesized and tested for affinity at adenosine receptors in radioligand binding assays. Ki values in the nanomolar range were observed for certain 3,5-diacyl-2,4-dialkyl-6-phenylpyridine derivatives in displacement of [125I]AB-MECA (N6-(4-amino-3-iodobenzyl)-5‘-N-methylcarbamoyladenosine) at recombinant human A3 adenosine receptors. Selectivity for A3 adenosine receptors was determined vs radioligand binding at rat brain A1 and A2A receptors. Structure−activity relationships at various positions of the pyridine ring (the 3- and 5-acyl substituents and the 2- and 4-alkyl substituents) were probed. A 4-phenylethynyl group did not enhance A3 selectivity of pyridine derivatives, as it did for the 4-substituted dihydropyridines. At the 2- and 4-positions ethyl was favored over methyl. Also, unlike the dihydropyridines, a thioester group at the 3-position was favored over an ester for affinity at A3 adenosine receptors, and a 5-position benzyl ester decreased affinity. Small cycloalkyl groups at the 6-position of 4-phenylethynyl-1,4-dihydropyridines were favorable for high affinity at human A3 adenosine receptors, while in the pyridine series a 6-cyclopentyl group decreased affinity. 5-Ethyl 2,4-diethyl-3-(ethylsulfanylcarbonyl)-6-phenylpyridine-5-carboxylate, 38, was highly potent at human A3 receptors, with a Ki value of 20 nM. A 4-propyl derivative, 39b, was selective and highly potent at both human and rat A3 receptors, with Ki values of 18.9 and 113 nM, respectively. A 6-(3-chlorophenyl) derivative, 44, displayed a Ki value of 7.94 nM at human A3 receptors and selectivity of 5200-fold. Molecular modeling, based on the steric and electrostatic alignment (SEAL) method, defined common pharmacophore elements for pyridine and dihydropyridine structures, e.g., the two ester groups and the 6-phenyl group. Moreover, a relationship between affinity and hydrophobicity was found for the pyridines.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Background: To test the hypothesis that urinary levels of arachidonic acid metabolites may be a predicting factor of the effects of pranlukast, a selective leukotriene (LT) antagonist, on chronic adult asthma, we investigated the relationship between its clinical efficacy and urinary eicosanoid levels.
__label__0, Background: The diagnosis of immediate allergic reactions to drugs is difficult, requiring in vitro test development. Basophils are likely to be involved in these reactions, and to evaluate the sensitivity, the specificity, and the predictive values of the histamine-release test, we performed a prospective study in 68 patients tested for suspected drug allergy.
__label__0, Background: Occupational asthma (OA) can be a debilitating disease even when removal from the workplace is achieved. Today, the “gold standard” in the assessment of OA is the bronchial provocation test (BPT). Induced sputum is a noninvasive method of exploring airway inflammation which can provide additional information about such challenges and thus could be applied in OA diagnosis and monitoring.
__label__0, Occupational allergic contact dermatitis caused by (meth)acrylates is common in dental personnel, whereas dental acrylic fillings and crowns have rarely been reported to cause problems in dental patients. Here we report on a 48-year-old woman who developed gingivitis, stomatitis, and perioral dermatitis after a temporary crown made of restorative, two-component material had been inserted. The manufacturer stated that the temporary crown base paste and catalyst contained three (meth)acrylates, namely, a proacrylate, which is a modification of 2,2-bis[4-(2-hydroxy-3-methacryloxypropoxy)phenyl]propane (BIS-GMA); a tricyclate, which is a saturated, aliphatic, tricyclic methacrylate; and urethane methacrylate. The manufacturer refused to give more exact information on the (meth)acrylates. Patch testing revealed that the patient was highly allergic to BIS-GMA, other epoxy diacrylates, and (meth)acrylates, as well as to the base paste and catalyst of the temporary crown. Accordingly, it was concluded that the allergic reaction was caused by BIS-GMA, or a cross-reacting (meth)acrylate, or other (meth)acrylates in the temporary crown.
__label__0, Background: Recent studies have demonstrated the efficacy of sublingual-swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) in seasonal and perennial rhinitis. Sublingual administration of solutions is not convenient for all patients. The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of immunotherapy administered sublingually, initially as drops, and then as tablets during maintenance therapy.
__label__0, With the challenges emerging from the analysis and interpretation of the human genome, and the specific issues pertinent to pursuing the Genome Project itself, it is truly an exciting time in the development of the biological sciences. The occasion is certainly ripe for the emergence of new concepts and ideas, as the theories of complexity, natural selection, and reductionism become integrated into a new whole. We need to learn how to approach the analyses of the complex data sets that will be generated by the Genome Project and address, more generally, the problems inherent in the analysis of the complex diseases such as asthma. Finally, we need to consider how the recent advances in genetics and genomics will affect biomedical research reaching into the next millennium and beyond.
__label__0, Background: The induction of IgE synthesis in naïve B cells requires two T-cell-derived signals: one delivered through CD40 and the other via interleukin-4 (IL-4). The natural counterstructure to CD40 is the CD40 ligand (CD40L). We have asked about the interplay between CD40L and CD40 mAb that recognize distinct epitopes in delivering signals for regulating IL-4-dependent IgE synthesis and the expression of CD23, the low-affinity IgE receptor, in resting B cells.
__label__0, Nasal polyps, or diffuse nasal polyposis, were first recognized as an illness over 3000 years ago. An excellent historical survey of the treatment of nasal polyps has been given by Vancil ( 1). The former methods of extirpation of polyps are quite similar to currently used forms of surgery; e.g., Hippocrates developed two surgical methods of nasal polypectomy around 400 BC, the first being extraction of the polyps by pulling a sponge through the nasal canal and the second being cauterization.
__label__0, Nonspecific bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR) describes the characteristic altered airway behavior observed in asthma; namely, the propensity to develop bronchoconstriction in response to a wide variety of physical, chemical, pharmacologic, and physiologic stimuli at concentrations or levels of intensity that do not induce any change in airway caliber in healthy subjects ( 1). The two main determinants of BHR are increases, respectively, in the reactivity and the sensitivity of the airways ( 2, 3). The hypersensitivity is characterized by a leftward shift of the dose-response curve to the bronchoconstrictor effect of stimuli such as histamine or methacholine. The hyperreactivity is reflected by a steeper slope of the dose-response curve and by an increased degree of maximal airway narrowing. On the basis of mathematic models, increased sensitivity has been attributed predominantly to thickening of the airway wall, due to the presence of an inflammatory process in the airway mucosa ( 4, 5). Increased airway reactivity has been largely explained by the presence of more chronic, structural changes in asthmatic airways, such as thickening of the smooth-muscle layer and changes in the adventitial structure, leading to a loss of elastic parenchymal recoil on contracting airway smooth muscle ( 6, 7).
__label__0, The nose is the air-conditioner of the airways. Since normal breathing is through the nose, this is where most airborne particles are filtered. Therefore, the nasal mucosa is the first line of defence against particles in the air ( 1).
__label__0, Background: It has recently been suggested that an atopic phenotype may already be programmed in utero. We examine here the association between prenatal factors and the subsequent development of allergic rhinitis and eczema among offspring.
__label__0, Background: The objective was to validate acoustic rhinometry (AR) in a nasal challenge with allergen.
__label__0, Background: Tryptase is a serine endoprotease selectively released from mast cells. Although mast cells are known to be activated after experimental allergic provocation, their role in naturally occurring asthma is still debated.
__label__0, Background: The symptoms of a 56-year-old man with systemic mastocytosis became worse with exposure to sunlight. We evaluated mast-cell-derived mediators and cytokines before and after exposure to ultraviolet light in the patient.
__label__0, Background: RANTES plays an important role in the production of allergic inflammation of the airway through its chemotactic activity for eosinophils. However, the intracellular signal regulating RANTES expression in human pulmonary vascular endothelial cells has not been determined. In the present study, therefore, we examined the role of p38 mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase in RANTES production by tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α-stimulated pulmonary vascular endothelial cells in order to clarify the signal transduction pathway regulating RANTES production by pulmonary vascular endothelial cells.
__label__0, Background: ICAM-3 has been recently identified as the third leukocyte-function associated-1 (LFA-1) ligand. ICAM-3 is expressed in eosinophils, but its regulation has not been studied. The objective of this study was to investigate the differential expression of ICAM-3 and other adhesion molecules (AM) on the surface of eosinophils. We also evaluated the effects of dexamethasone on AM expression.
__label__0, Airborne laboratory-animal allergens can be measured by several methods, but little is known about the effects of important differences in methodology. Therefore, methods used in research projects in The Netherlands, the UK, and Sweden were compared. Seventy-four sets of three parallel inhalable dust samples were taken by a single operator in animal facilities in the three countries, and analyzed in parallel by the three institutes for rat and mouse urinary allergen. Rat-allergen levels measured by RAST inhibition (UK) were 3000 and 1700 times higher than levels measured by enzyme immunoassay (EIA)-sandwich methods with polyclonal rabbit (The Netherlands) or monoclonal mouse (Sweden) antibodies, while the difference between the two EIA-sandwich methods was much smaller: a factor of 2.2. For mouse allergen, an inhibition radioimmunoassay (RIA) with rabbit antimouse antibodies (UK) gave 4.6 and 5.9 times higher concentrations than sandwich EIAs with rabbit polyclonal antibodies (Sweden and The Netherlands), while the difference between the two sandwich EIAs was, on average, 1.6-fold. Thus, although levels of rat and mouse aeroallergens are significantly correlated, the assay type gives large differences in absolute concentrations, and interlaboratory technical differences affect even the same assay type. Conversion factors can aid comparison between studies, and, in the long term, assay standardization is desirable.
__label__0, Potential factors influencing antigen detection in immunoassays for measuring rat or mouse aeroallergen (i.e., assay setup, antigen specificities, standard extracts used, and antigen decay) were investigated in a three-country study (the UK, The Netherlands, Sweden). An inhibition enzyme immunoassay (EIA) setup gave nominal rat urinary allergen (RUA) sample values seven times higher than a sandwich EIA setup utilizing identical antibodies and standards. In immunoblotting experiments, pooled patient serum and polyclonal rabbit antibodies partly detected different rat antigens; monoclonal antibody specificity could not be determined. Immunoblot detection of mouse urinary antigens (MUA) by the polyclonal rabbit antibodies from all laboratories was similar. In both the RUA and the MUA assays, urinary antigen standards were detected with similar potency, except purified Rat n 1, which was an inefficient inhibitor in the RUA RAST inhibition. In the sandwich EIA RUA assays, a rat room-dust extract was detected with 700–800-fold less sensitivity than rat urine, whereas in the RAST RUA assay, dust inhibited equally with rat urine. Simulated decay did not decrease the potency of urinary antigen in any assay. Thus, assay setup and choice of detection antibodies strongly influence the nominal allergen levels. We recommend the use of standardized and characterized antibodies and standard extracts in sandwich EIAs to measure airborne rodent urinary allergens.
__label__0, Background: Children with spina bifida (SB) are exposed to latex soon after birth during bladder catheterization, rectal disimpaction, and multiple surgical procedures. IgE-mediated latex-allergic reactions have been reported recently in these children. Our study was designed to assess the prevalence of allergic reactions to latex products in a group of Saudi Arabian children with SB in a tertiary care hospital.
__label__0, Background:Mometasone furoate nasal spray (MFNS, NASONEX®), is a new synthetic corticosteroid with considerable efficacy in the treatment of seasonal and perennial rhinitis and less than 0.1% systemic absorption. This study was designed to evaluate the time of onset of action of MFNS. The subjects were evaluated over the course of 2 weeks during the spring allergy season.
__label__0, Background:There has been an increasing interest in the potential systemic effects of inhaled corticosteroids.
__label__0, Background: The study aimed to assess the effect of pre- and postnatal tobacco smoke exposure on specific sensitization to food allergens and inhalant allergens during the first 3 years of life.
__label__0, Background: Despite increasing awareness of peanut allergy, little is known of its prevalence. We report on a two-stage interview survey conducted in Great Britain.
__label__0, Background: Garlic is well known to cause contact dermatitis and asthma. However, it is a very rare cause of food allergy. We present the case of a 23-year-old woman with previous history of allergy to pollen and dried fruit, and food-dependent, exercise-induced anaphylaxis for which no specific food could be identified as responsible, who experienced an anaphylactic reaction after eating young garlic.
__label__0, In search of potential new indoor allergen sources, all mites in dust from homes of 55 asthmatic children living in three climatic regions in Sweden were counted and identified by light microscope. Antibodies of the IgE class against three house-dust mites and three storage mites were measured in corresponding serum samples. Mites were found in all but two homes from the northernmost area, where levels also were lower than in the other regions. The highest mite densities were most often found in bedrooms (50%) and living rooms (40%). Mite density was increased in homes with high humidity and was higher in bungalows than in flats. House-dust mites predominated in the south and storage mites in the east central area, particularly in kitchens and bathrooms. Mite-density and IgE-antibody levels against house-dust mites were significantly associated. The same association applied to storage mites. Other species numbered around 100 mites/g dust in some homes. Microscopy helps to identify potentially important mites. Analysing home dust only for house-dust mites will underestimate mite exposure. Storage mites may be as relevant to sensitivity as house-dust mites. As other species occasionally were found in high numbers, their relevance should also be assessed.
__label__0, Background: Earlier studies have shown that farmers are to a low degree sensitized to animal allergens. We have measured the amount of cat (Fel d 1) and dog (Can f 1) in farm households and examined the relationship between exposure and sensitization to cat and dog allergens.
__label__0, Background: Severe, intractable pruritus, often associated with erythematopapular skin lesions and hypereosinophilia, is a condition observed in some nonatopic, HIV-infected patients. We performed immunovirologic analyses of this condition.
__label__0, Background: Higher prevalences of allergic diseases and IgE antibodies to inhalant allergens have been reported for persons living in urban areas than for persons living in rural areas.
__label__0, Background: This study highlights the allergenicity and allergenic components of the pollen of Phoenix sylvestris Roxb. (PS), or date sugar palm, which is predominantly airborne in the air of Greater Calcutta.
__label__0, Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is a valuable treatment for respiratory allergy, and the use of chemically modified allergens (allergoids) has improved its safety, as testified by several studies. We evaluated the effects of a SIT course with an allergoid extract of Parietaria pollen in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
__label__0, A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was carried out in 85 patients with a well-documented history of perennial asthma caused by house-dust mites. Patients received either placebo or sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with a standardized Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (DP)–D. farinae (DF) 50/50 extract. After a run-in period, patients received increasing doses up to 300 IR every day for 4 weeks and then three times a week for the following 24 months. The cumulative dose was about 104 000 IR, equivalent to 4.2 mg Der p 1 and 7.3 mg Der f 1. Symptom and medication scores and respiratory function were assessed throughout the trial. Serum specific IgE and IgG4 were determined before SLIT (t0) and after 6 (t1), 11 (t2), 17 (t3), and 25 months (t4) of SLIT. Mite exposure was evaluated at t0, t2, and t4 by semiquantitative guanine determinations. Patients aged 15 years and older were asked to assess their quality of life (QoL) by completing the SF20 (Short Form Health Status Survey) plus two items at t0, t2, and t4. Use of inhaled corticosteroids and β2-agonists was significantly decreased after 25 months of treatment in both groups (P<0.03). SLIT patients showed significant improvements in respiratory function at t4 (% predicted FEV1 (P=0.01), VC (P=0.002), morning (P=0.01) and evening (P=0.03) PEFR), and reduction in daytime asthma score (P=0.02). In the SLIT group, the post-treatment PD20 was 1.75 times higher than the baseline value. There was no change in PD20 in the placebo group. Compared to the placebo group, the SLIT group showed a significant increase in specific IgE DP (P=0.05), IgE DF (P=0.02), IgG4 DP (P=0.001), and IgG4 DF (P=0.001) levels after SLIT. QoL scores were similar in both groups at t0 and t2. At t4, all scores were better in the SLIT group than in the placebo group, with the differences being most marked for the general perception of health (P=0.01) and physical pain (P=0.02). Adverse events were similar in the two groups. This study shows that SLIT in house-dust-mite-related asthma has a good safety profile and improves respiratory function, bronchial hyperreactivity, and QoL.
__label__0, In this study, we examined the symptom scores and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), p55 soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor (sTNFR1), and p75 soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor (sTNFR2) levels in the sera and nasal epithelial lining fluids (ELF) of 20 patients with Japanese cedar pollinosis from the pre- to the postseason period, and compared the results with those of 10 nonallergic control subjects. The symptom scores of the allergic subjects were significantly (P<0.01) higher than those of the nonallergic subjects during the early stage and mid-stage of the season. There were no statistical differences between the allergic and nonallergic subjects in the TNF-α levels in sera and ELF from the pre- to the post-season. In the allergic subjects, however, the levels of sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 in ELF were significantly elevated during the early stage (P<0.05) and mid-stage (P<0.01) of the season, whereas those in sera did not change from the pre- to the post-season period. The levels of TNF-α in ELF were more than 10 times higher than those in sera, whereas the levels of sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 in ELF were less than half of those in sera in the allergic and nonallergic subjects. These results suggest that sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 may play a role in the pathogenesis of nasal allergic reaction.
__label__0, Background: Exposure to Aspergillus fumigatus allergens results in enhanced total serum IgE and peripheral blood eosinophils in mice. The associated pulmonary inflammation and immunologic responses are comparable to those detected in human allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis. Allergen-induced cytokines are thought to regulate the inflammatory and immune responses in these animals.
__label__0, Background: Low skin reactivity to common inhalant allergens is frequently found in asymptomatic individuals as well as in patients with respiratory complaints. However, most studies on bronchial allergen challenge concern patients with high levels of allergic sensitization. The present study was directed to bronchial reactions after allergen challenge in subjects with low skin reactivity to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus or cat dander.
__label__0, Background: Correct utilization of inhalation devices is a key factor in asthma management. Objective assessment of the ability to use inhaler devices is therefore fundamental.
__label__0, The prevalence of IgE-mediated allergies, such as eczema, hay fever, and asthma, has increased dramatically over the past few decades. The short time over which this change has occurred and continues to occur indicates that the environment plays a central role in these disorders. That there is an important inherited component in these diseases is well established, and numerous genes have been identified as having a possible role ( 1). However, a complex interplay between the environment and our genes is likely to determine disease development and progression. The environmental factors that affect the inherited susceptibility have been reviewed elsewhere ( 2). Here we will consider the contribution of pregnancy and foetal development in this issue.
__label__0, The frequent observation of bacterial infections in patients with acute exacerbation of asthma has led to the hypothesis that such infections play a crucial role in the induction and exacerbation of asthma (bronchial asthma of infectious origin). Consequently, the attempt to modify the course of the disease by immunologic intervention in bacterial infections seems logical. In the 1940s and '50s, the success (partly inspired by the lack of effective antiasthma pharmacologic treatment) of immunotherapy (desensitization; hyposensitization) with inhalant allergens suggested that the clinical outcome of asthma treatment could be improved by injecting bacterial antigens ( 1, 2). Several – mostly open studies – have evaluated the beneficial effect of bacterial immunotherapy in patients with bronchial asthma ( 3). The clinical effect has recently been questioned, and international recommendations clearly state that bacterial vaccines have no role in modern asthma treatment ( 4–6). This review focuses on the importance of bacterial infections in asthma and the clinical documentation of the efficacy of bacterial vaccines. On the basis of current immunologic knowledge of the pathophysiologic mechanisms of the allergic response, a possible role for bacterial antigens in the treatment strategy is proposed.
__label__0, The sensory neuropeptides substance P (SP) and neurokinin A (NKA) are localized to sensory airway nerves, from which they can be released by a variety of stimuli, including allergen, ozone, or inflammatory mediators. Sensory nerves containing these peptides are relatively scarce in human airways, but it is becoming increasingly evident that inflammatory cells such as eosinophils, macrophages, lymphocytes, and dendritic cells can produce the tachykinins SP and NKA. Moreover, immune stimuli can boost the production and secretion of SP and NKA. SP and NKA have potent effects on bronchomotor tone, airway secretions, and bronchial circulation (vasodilation and microvascular leakage) and on inflammatory and immune cells. Following their release, tachykinins are degraded by neutral endopeptidase (NEP) and angiotensin-converting enzyme. The airway effects of the tachykinins are largely mediated by tachykinin NK1 and NK2 receptors. Tachykinins contract smooth muscle mainly by interaction with NK2 receptors, while the vascular and proinflammatory effects are mediated by the NK1 receptor. In view of their potent effects on the airways, tachykinins have been put forward as possible mediators of asthma, and tachykinin receptor antagonists are a potential new class of antiasthmatic medication.
__label__0, Over the last 30 years, the prevalence of atopic diseases in childhood (asthma, atopic dermatitis, and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis) has increased considerably in developed countries (1). Although several studies have shown this increase, it has been argued that increased awareness and improved ability to diagnose atopic diseases might account, at least in part, for this increase. However, population-based studies using identical methods of ascertainment at intervals of 10–15 years have also shown a significant increase in the prevalence of atopic diseases in children (2–5).
__label__0, Human beings are complex organisms living in a complex environment. It is not surprising, therefore, that many of the common diseases – such as asthma and other allergic diseases – which afflict human beings, are complex. While they may demand a high level of medical attention (usually because of mortality at an early age), the diseases which can be attributed to single, major genes are relatively rare. In contrast, the more common human diseases (>1% prevalence) typically exhibit genetic heterogeneity, appear to be under multifactorial control (where both genes and environmental factors control risk), and possibly exhibit both features.
__label__0, Background: Adhesion molecules are involved in inflammatory and repair processes of the bronchial epithelium. ICAM-1 is mainly involved in inflammatory reactions, whereas integrins, such as α3β1, are mainly involved in repair processes.
__label__0, Background: It has been hypothesized that changes in heating systems and insulation of homes in developed countries have generated an indoor climate favorable to organisms that excrete allergens inducing sensitization and allergic disease. The purpose of this study was to determine the influence of the installation of highly insulated windows and central heating systems on indoor climate, and mite-allergen (Der f 1) and mold spore concentrations.
__label__0, Pollen allergens are multivalent proteins that cross-link IgE antibodies on mast or basophil cells, inducing secretion of biologic mediators, and resulting in various allergic symptoms. The IgE-binding regions of the Parietaria judaica (Pj) pollen major allergen rPar j 2 were investigated. Twenty-nine single sera from Pj-allergic subjects were tested by Western blot against five recombinant peptides. At least four putative IgE-binding epitopes were identified. The analysis of their diffusion suggested a heterogeneous IgE-binding response. In fact, 75% of the sera reacted with peptide 1–54, 48% with peptide 48–101, 24% with peptide 1–30, 7% with peptide 29–54, and none with peptide 48–76. These five peptides were analyzed with the histamine-release assay. Only peptide 48–101 was capable of inducing degranulation and release of histamine. These results suggest that the recombinant rPar j 2 allergen contains IgE epitopes that are heterogeneously recognized by sensitive patients, and that therefore the therapeutic approach based on the use of haptenic peptides needs a careful evaluation.
__label__0, Background: Although beef is a main source of protein in Western diets, very little has been published on allergic reactions to beef or the main allergens implicated in these reactions. The aim was to evaluate the IgE antibody response to beef in suspected meat-allergic subjects and assess cross-reactivity of beef with other vertebrate meats.
__label__0, Background: Sensitization to pollen and spores of the Southeast Asian tropical region is not well documented. This study evaluated the allergenicity of the tropical airspora in Singapore.
__label__0, Background: Eosinophilic airway inflammation is the hallmark of asthma, but it has also been reported in other conditions such as allergic rhinitis. We have tested whether the analysis of cells and chemicals in sputum can distinguish between patients with mild allergic asthma, those with allergic rhinitis, and healthy controls. The relationship between inflammation markers in sputum and nonspecific bronchial hyperresponsiveness to methacholine (BHR) (PD20 and maximal response plateau [MRP] values) was also evaluated.
__label__0, Background: The diagnosis of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) in cystic fibrosis (CF) patients may be difficult to establish because ABPA shares many characteristics with coexisting atopy or other lung infections in these patients. This study aimed to evaluate the sensitivity and specificity of various paraclinical parameters in the diagnosis of ABPA in patients with CF.
__label__0, Background: The demonstration that some asthma epidemics have been caused by allergens of soybean-hull dust prompted us to develop a two-site ELISA, suitable for the quantification of the major allergen (Gly m 1), to be used for the prevention of new episodes.
__label__0, Background: Evaluation of the efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) with pollen extracts is complicated by annual variation in pollen intensity. Our study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of birch and grass IT, taking into consideration these variations.
__label__0, Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) involves the risk of side-effects. Different side-effect profiles have been reported for different allergens, and it would be of great benefit to be able more precisely to predict patient- and allergen-related risk factors.
__label__0, Background: Prevalence of asthma and quality of asthma care both influence hospital admission rates for childhood asthma. Therefore, we aimed to assess possible changes in hospital admission rate for acute asthma in Oslo, Norway, from 1980 to 1995, as well as evaluate the possible effect of changes in asthma treatment upon hospitalization for acute asthma in this period.
__label__0, Background: Sera of patients allergic to olive (Olea europaea) pollen were used to analyze the IgE cross-reactivity between olive-pollen extract and other pollens obtained from phylogenetically unrelated species.
__label__0, Conclusions: These results indicated that TNF-α-induced p38 MAP kinase activation and p38 MAP kinase-mediated RANTES production by human pulmonary vascular endothelial cells are inversely regulated by intracellular GSH levels.
__label__0, Background: While immediate-type clinical reactions to food can quite easily be identified by history or measurement of specific IgE in combination with positive oral food challenges, the evaluation of food allergy in the absence of immediate clinical reactions still presents diagnostic difficulties – particularly in children with atopic dermatitis. The objective of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic value of the atopy patch test (APT) with regard to late-phase reactions observed in double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenges with cow's milk, hen's egg, wheat, and soybean.
__label__0, Background: The development of persistent subcutaneous nodules at the injection sites of aluminium-adsorbed hyposensitization solutions is rare. These nodules have been interpreted as a delayed, granulomatous hypersensitivity reaction to aluminium. We report for the first time a case of persistent intradermal granulomas that developed at the sites of inaccurate intradermal, instead of subcutaneous, hyposensitization injections.
__label__0, A common feature of environmental irritants is their ability to cause local inflammation which could alter airway function. The principal targets of such injury are the epithelial cells lining the airway passages and the lower respiratory gas-exchange areas. While host atopy is a recognized risk factor for airway inflammation, atopy alone cannot cause asthma. We hypothesize that susceptibility to persistent airway inflammation in atopic individuals is characterized by an inherited deficiency in the effectiveness of detoxification of inhaled irritants and products of oxidative stress such as reactive oxygen species (ROS). Our case-control studies show that polymorphisms at the glutathione S-transferase, GSTP1, locus on chromosome 11q13 may account for variation in host response to oxidative stress, a key component of airway inflammation. Frequency of the GSTP1 Val/Val genotype is reduced in atopic subjects compared with nonatopic subjects. Trend analysis also shows a significant decrease of GSTP1 Val/Val (with parallel increase of GSTP1 Ile/Ile) genotype frequency with increasing severity of airflow obstruction/bronchial hyperresponsiveness. The implication of specific polymorphisms at the GSTP1 locus in airway inflammation is entirely novel: however, GST are recognized as a supergene family of enzymes critical in 1) cell protection from the toxic products of ROS-mediated reactions, 2) modulation of eicosanoid synthesis.
__label__0, Background: Exposure to molds and mold products in the indoor environment may lead to allergies, asthma, or respiratory complaints in general. Enumeration of viable parts of molds in the environment is insufficient to estimate exposure. Therefore, other methods have to be developed.
__label__0, Immediate contact allergy to cosmetics seems to be rare, since only a few case reports on it have been published. We report on a case of IgE-mediated allergic contact urticaria caused by hydrolyzed wheat in a body cream.
__label__0, Background:Immunotherapy with Hymenoptera venoms is highly effective but causes allergic side-effects frequently, especially when honeybee venom is used. Therefore, our objective was to investigate the effect of pretreatment with the antihistamine fexofenadine on the incidence of allergic side-effects during ultrarush immunotherapy with bee venom.
__label__0, Background: The skin of patients with atopic dermatitis (AD) exhibits a striking susceptibility to colonization and infection by Staphylococcus aureus. The exotoxins secreted by S. aureus can act as superantigens and classic allergens, inducing the production of functionally relevant specific IgE antibodies. The aim of this study was to compare the levels and positive rates of serum staphylococcal enterotoxin A (SEA)- and staphylococcal enterotoxin B (SEB)-specific IgE between atopic children with and without AD.
__label__0, Over the past two decades, it has been clearly shown that the skin is much more than just a covering and protecting coat. Indeed, it represents an integral component of the immune system, and, like other interface organs such as the lungs or gut, it could in many ways be considered the front line of immune defense. The mechanisms of skin immune defense can be broadly divided into two categories: innate, or nonadaptive, immune responses and adaptive immune responses ( 1, 2). The innate immune response of the skin is achieved through the presence of evolutionary, highly conserved antimicrobial peptides such as β-defensin ( 3). The adaptive component contains the full repertoire of immune mechanisms employed by the immune system in the other organ systems. In contrast to innate immunity, this type of immune defense is antigen-specific and is amplified upon re-exposure to the same antigen. Thus, specificity and memory are key features of the adaptive immune system and are mediated by various cellular components of the epidermal and dermal compartments.
__label__0, This study is an extended follow-up for 24 months of a 12-week trial to study the long-term clinical efficacy of low-dose inhaled budesonide (BUD) once or twice daily in children with mild asthma. A total of 122 children (mean age 9.7 years, girls/boys; 42/80) with mild asthma (FEV1 103.7% of predicted, reversibility in FEV1 3.5%, and fall in FEV1 afterexercise 12.2%), not previously treated with inhaled steroids, were included in a double-blind, randomized, parallel-group study. The children were treated with inhaled BUD 100 or 200 µg administered via Turbuhaler® once daily in the morning, 100 µg twice daily, or placebo for 27 months. Exercise and methacholine challenges were performed at 3-month intervals the first year and at 6-month intervals the second year, in a total of seven visits. A significant dose-response effect favoring BUD 200 µg daily (vs 100 µg daily) was found when comparing changes in FEV1, FEF25%, and FEV50%; the fall in FEV1 after an exercise test; and the effect on blood eosinophils. Bronchial hyperreactivity to methacholine decreased significantly on three visits in patients treated with BUD 200 µg daily compared to placebo. Growth rate was not significantly affected except in children aged 7–11 years at baseline after 12 months of treatment. In conclusion, 100 or 200 µg daily of inhaled BUD for 27 months is safe and effective in protecting against exercise-induced asthma and achieving nearly normal lung function. Baseline lung function was not significantly affected in this group of children with mild asthma.
__label__0, Background: Allergy to almonds has been frequently reported, but data on the identification of the almond allergens, as well as on the reliability of the methods for in vitro detection of specific IgE for these allergens, are scant. This study aimed to identify the almond allergens and to evaluate the reliability of the CAP-FEIA as the standard system for detection of almond-specific IgE with clinical significance.
__label__0, Background: The role of ash (Fraxinus excelsior) pollen as a cause of spring pollinosis in central Europe has received little attention. It is not clear whether ash pollen is a primary cause of sensitization or whether it is implicated through cross-sensitization to other pollens.
__label__0, Background: Food allergens are often accused of causing numerous ailments. This is particularly true for the pediatric population, where the incidence of food allergy is four times as high as in adults. As food challenges may provoke life-threatening reactions, intensive safety measures need to be taken during provocation, and prompt medical intervention may become necessary.
__label__0, Anisakis simplex is a nematode parasite belonging to the Ascaroidea group, which includes several species of medical importance, and the immune response to A. simplex is discussed with reference to some of these. The strong Th2 reaction usually provoked by nematodes seems to occur only in the context of infection, and exposure to nonviable antigens fails to do so. This would imply either that allergic reactions to A. simplex require prior infection, or that a classical atopic response is responsible, and the cause possibly varies among patients. The antibody response to secreted and exposed surface antigens of A. simplex is strong, and should be explored as potentially a better antigen source for serodiagnosis than somatic materials, and it might also be useful in addressing the question of the role of infection in predisposing to allergic reactions. As in toxocariasis, both secreted and shed surface antigens of A. simplex could provide a focus for inflammatory lesions in tissue-invasive larvae. Humans respond heterogeneously to A. simplex allergens, and experience with other nematodes would indicate that this is due to genetic control of the immune repertoire by the major histocompatibility complex, a fact which, in turn, might have clinical implications. A. simplex is known to produce allergens similar to the ABA-1 of Ascaris, which represents a structurally novel class of fatty acid and vitamin A-binding protein. This and other recently described nematode proteins are known to be highly stable to thermal denaturation and can recover their structures, biochemical activities, and allergenicity upon cooling.
__label__0, Background: The objective was to investigate the local side-effects of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in daily life in asthmatic children, particularly the younger ones, by an observational prospective cross-sectional cohort study.
__label__0, Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common, chronic relapsing, inflammatory skin disease, characterized by typically distributed eczematous skin lesions, dry skin, intense pruritus, and a wide variety of pathophysiologic aspects (1–4). The current knowledge of the genetic background and the immunopathogenesis of AD, as well as the role of environmental and other major provocation factors in this disorder, was recently reviewed in Allergy (3, 4). Thus, AD is a genetically determined, IgE-mediated, delayed-type hypersensitivity reaction of the skin (5, 6) that can be triggered by multiple factors, varying in their intensity in each individual patient and during different life phases (1–7).
__label__0, Background: The previously reported eotaxin overexpression in the lesional skin of atopic dermatitis (AD) led us to the assumption that circulating levels of eotaxin may be elevated too. We sought to investigate the plasma expression of eotaxin in children with skin all_ergy in relation to clinical activity and type of lesions.
__label__0, Although H1 antihistamine compounds (H1) are highly effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR), their role in the treatment of asthma is still controversial. Because a strong association between AR and bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR) has been reported, this study was designed to assess the effect of a new H1 anti histamine, cetirizine (C), on nonspecific BHR in patients with AR. Twelve patients were included in a double-blind, crossover, placebo-controlled trial. All patients had positive skin tests for common allergens and showed BHR to inhaled methacholine after specific nasal allergenic challenge. After a washout period of 1 week to ensure the stability of the BHR, the patients received, by crossover randomization, C 10 mg daily or placebo (P) for 2 weeks. After each treatment period, BHR and nasal blocking index (NBI) were measured 1 and 6 h after nasal challenge. Bronchial responsiveness was expressed as methacholine PD20, the provocation dose of methacholine causing a 20% decrease in FEV1. Measurements were then performed after 2 weeks of C and after 2 weeks of P. Baseline values of PD20 (median) measured before challenge showed no difference after cetirizine or after placebo (1.36 mg). Results 1 h after allergen did not show significant differences between C (methacholine PD20=0.522 mg) and placebo (methacholine PD20=0.455 mg). By contrast, 6 h after challenge, methacholine PD20 was 0.918 mg for C and 0.483 mg for P (P=0.042). Similarly, NBI showed no change between C and P 1 h after challenge, whereas the difference was significant 6 h after challenge (P=0.011). These data demonstrate a protective nasal effect of C against BHR measured 6 h after nasal allergen challenge in patients with AR. They suggest that C may be useful in patients with asthma associated with AR.
__label__0, Background: Cetirizine, an effective H1-receptor antagonist, is a racemate mixture of two enantiomers: levocetirizine (R enantiomer) and dextrocetirizine (S enantiomer).
__label__0, Background: In recent years, we have gained better knowledge about the influence of indoor environments on respiratory symptoms and asthma. The purpose of this study was to examine certain exposures in the home environment and the risk of adult-onset asthma.
__label__0, Background: In health-related quality of life (HRQL) studies on allergic rhinitis, both disease-specific and generic questionnaires have been extensively used. Seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) has been studied mainly by focusing on symptomatology. The present study aimed to evaluate the SAR-HRQL by means of two questionnaires, the Medical Outcome Study Short Form Health Survey (SF-36) and a new instrument examining satisfaction in 32 aspects of daily life: the Satisfaction Profile (SAT-P).
__label__0, Plant lipid transfer proteins, a widespread family of proteins, have been recently identified as important food allergens. Their common structural features, such as eight conserved cysteines forming disulfide bridges, basic isoelectric point and high similarity in amino acid sequence, are the basis of allergic clinical cross-reactivity. This has been demonstrated for the LTP allergens of the Prunoideae subfamily, whose similarity is about 95% as demonstrated for the purified allergens of peach, apricot, plum and apple. A relevant aspect is the existence of sequence homology of LTPs of botanically unrelated foods, as demonstrated for LTPs of maize and peach. A class of food allergens of well recognized clinical importance is that of seed storage 2S albumins. They have been identified in the most diffused edible seeds and nuts, such as mustard, sesame, Brazil nut, walnut and peanut. In particular, a strong correlation between IgE-binding to these proteins and food-induced anaphylaxis has been demonstrated for Brazil nut and sesame seeds.
__label__0, Foods contain a wide range of food ingredients that serve numerous technical functions. Per capita consumer exposure to most of these food ingredients is rather low with a few notable exceptions such as sugar and starch. Some food ingredients including edible oils, hydrolyzed proteins, lecithin, starch, lactose, flavors and gelatin may, at least in some products, be derived from sources commonly involved in IgE-mediated food allergies. These ingredients should be avoided by consumers with allergies to the source material if the ingredient contains detectable protein residues. Other food ingredients, including starch, malt, alcohol and vinegar, may be derived in some cases from wheat, rye or barley, the grains that are implicated in the causation of celiac disease. If these ingredients contain gluten residues, then they should be avoided by celiac sufferers. A few food ingredients are capable of eliciting allergic sensitization, although these ingredients would be classified as rarely allergenic. These ingredients include carmine, cochineal extract, annatto, tragacanth gum and papain. Food manufacturers should declare the presence of allergenic food ingredients in the ingredient listings on product labels so that allergic consumers can know to avoid these potentially hazardous products.
__label__0, At present, avoidance is the only therapeutic option available for individuals with food allergies. However, studies suggest that DNA-based vaccination might be an effective therapeutic option for the reversal of allergic hypersensitivities, including allergies to foods. Because severe anaphylactic reactions represent a life-threatening risk for individuals with food allergies, we and others have evaluated the effectiveness of DNA-based vaccination for the prevention of anaphylactic hypersensitivity in murine models. Our investigations demonstrated that primary gene and protein/immunostimulatory sequence oligodeoxynucleotide (ISS-ODN) vaccination of subsequently Th2-sensitized mice reduced the risk of death after anaphylactic challenge, significantly. In addition, gene and protein/ISS-ODN vaccination reduced post challenge plasma histamine levels. Analysis of the immune profiles of mice receiving DNA-based vaccines showed that both gene and protein/ISS-ODN vaccination effectively prevented the development of Th2-biased immune profiles after sensitization. In contrast, vaccination with protein alone, the experimental equivalent of the traditional protein-based immunotherapy (IT) reagents used in clinical practice provided no protection from anaphylaxis, nor did it prevent the development of a Th2-biased immune profile after allergen sensitization. These studies justify continued optimism in the potential of DNA-based vaccination for the desensitization of food allergic individuals.
__label__0, Background: Atopic children show increased expression and production of the Th2-associated cytokines IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, and IL-9 from PBMCs after stimulation with allergen, but it has previously not been clearly determined whether the Th2-cytokine production is restricted to the inhalant allergen the child is sensitized to, and whether perennial or seasonal allergens induce different cytokine responses. Our purpose was to determine whether in vitro Th2 cytokine production is specific to the sensitizing allergen, and to compare the cytokine responses to a perennial and a seasonal allergen in monosensitized and polysensitized children.
__label__0, Histamine is perhaps the most important mediator released during the first stage of the allergic reaction. But this principle can be questioned, since, using the microdialysis technique, Petersen et al. (1) recently found that after skin testing with allergen, histamine was found only just under the center of the wheal, not in the periphery. Therefore, after allergen challenge of the skin/mucosa, the mediators released by the challenged mast cell, which also stimulate closely related c-fibers, induce an axon reflex, and in turn induce release of neurogenic peptides and mast-cell mediators from “the next” mast cell, are probably the major players in the immediate wheal and flare reaction. However, histamine has its immediate effects and induces a visible reaction, similar, but not identical, to the allergen-induced wheal and flare reaction, and that is why it will probably have a place in clinical work even in the future.
__label__0, Background: Once-daily use of nasally applied glucocorticoids was demonstrated to be effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis. The aim of the study was to measure concentrations of fluticasone propionate (FP) in nasal secretion and nasal tissue over a period of 1 day after a single application of 100 µg FP.
__label__0, Background: The inhibitory effect of antihistamines on allergen-induced skin reactions can impair the results of allergen skin testing, which are necessary for the diagnosis of atopic diseases. This study was designed to determine the time period required for the inhibitory effect of ebastine on allergen-induced skin reactivity to disappear completely.
__label__0, Background: Immunization with naked plasmid DNA leads to strong and persistent cell-mediated and humoral immune response to plasmid encoded antigen. Vaccination of DNA encoded whole allergen has been tried, but little information is currently available on the efficacy of DNA encoding T-cell epitopes in allergic disease. The purpose of this study was to determine whether the vaccination of naked plasmid DNA encoding only T-cell epitopes suppresses the allergic reaction as effectively as naked DNA encoding whole segments of allergen.
__label__0, Background: Eosinophils are important effector cells in several atopic diseases. The levels of eosinophil granule-derived mediators (ECP, EPX) in serum and body fluids have been proven to be correlated with disease activity in atopic respiratory diseases and atopic dermatitis. The study aimed to demonstrate an interrelationship between urine EPX and disease activity in adult patients with atopic dermatitis.
__label__0, Background: A rapid method for the purification of the major 43-kDa all_ergen of Cupressus arizonica pollen, Cup a 1, was developed.
__label__0, The pathogenic view of respiratory allergy has deeply changed during the last 10 years: epidemiological, immunological and clinical data have stringently shown that rhinitis and asthma (upper and lower respiratory airways) are strictly linked. From this viewpoint, several aspects seem to be of primary relevance: (a) the frequent coexistence of rhinitis and asthma; (b) the presence of nonspecific bronchial hyperresponsiveness in rhinitics; (c) the role of upper respiratory infections in asthma exacerbations; (d) the presence of rhinitis as a risk factor for developing asthma; (e) the existence of a common pathogenic mechanism; (f) the role of sinusitis in asthmatic patients. These aspects, taken together, lead to the operative definition of Allergic Rhinobronchitis (1) or United Airways Disease (2), to state that upper and lower respiratory airways should be regarded as a unique entity, partially sharing common pathogenic mechanisms. Moreover, many aspects of the complex inflammatory network have been detailed: the role, the effects and the mode of action of cytokines, chemokines and adhesion molecules have been clarified.
__label__0, Allergic diseases are immunological disorders (1), which originate from the activation of T-cell subsets secreting allergic, inflammatory factors including interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-5 and/or IL-13. The regulation of allergen-specific T cells is one of the strategies to control disease. However, available drugs such as steroids are not allergen-specific and only temporarily suppress the activity of immune cells. Thus, they are not curative and accompanied by side effects. In contrast, allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) can specifically restore normal immunity against allergens. Successful SIT is characterized by the induction of peripheral T-cell tolerance against the allergen (2, 3). Although successful SIT applies predominantly for treatment of mono- or oligo-specific allergies, the underlying immuno-regulatory mechanism can possibly be projected on allergic disease in general. Lymphocyte tolerance describes a complex process, which balances the reactivity against foreign vs. autologous antigens. Autoreactive lymphocytes are eliminated early in their thymic development, a process, which is covered by the term central tolerance (4). T cells, however, might escape thymic selection or might face harmless antigens later in their development, which are meant to be under the control of peripheral tolerance (5). Lymphocyte tolerance is likely to be a dynamic process (6), which adapts to the development of the organism to effectively distinguish autologous from foreign antigens. Recent investigations on peripheral tolerance revealed several basic mechanisms. These mechanisms comprise cell survival, as cells might undergo apoptosis, which would delete antigen specificities. Furthermore, antigens located in anatomically ‘hidden’ areas could be neglected by the immune system. Finally, cells could be suppressed and/or undergo clonal anergy, which keeps already existing lymphocyte specificities under control (7–9). The latter mechanism appears to be particularly interesting for the understanding of the pathogenesis of allergic disease, because allergen-specific T cells can be isolated, even from donors, who do not suffer from allergies. Moreover, it is frequently observed that patients are sensitized against two allergens but only show clinical symptoms against one of them. Interestingly, both the clinically silent and the pathogenic T-cell specificities, express both Th2-like cytokines.
__label__0, Tuberculin, which is an extract of pure culture of the tubercle bacillus, had been developed by Robert Koch in 1891 (1). Initially mistaken as a therapeutic agent believed to provide systemic protection in tuberculosis patients, it became established as a diagnostic tool by Clemens vs. Pirquet (2). He established that reactivity to tuberculin indicates previous infection by the tubercle bacillus. The tuberculin preparation and the skin testing procedure have been modified, but the principle of tuberculin reactivity remains unchanged and is worldwide the standard screening method for tuberculous infection.
__label__0, Background: Plane trees, as Platanus acerifolia, are an important source of airborne allergens in cities of the United States and Western Europe. Little is known about the relevant allergens of this pollen. The aim of this study was to identify relevant allergens from P. acerifolia pollen and purify and characterize a major allergen of 18 kDa.
__label__0, Background: Eotaxin and MCP-3 (CC chemokines), owing to their preferential action on eosinophils, seem to be the very importance in the patophysiology of allergic rhinitis and asthma. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of intranasally administered eotaxin and MCP-3 after specific allergen priming on the influx of inflammatory cells and their soluble mediators into the nasal mucosa.
__label__0, The epidemic of allergic diseases has made their prevention in at-risk infants a public health priority. Allergen-specific approaches have been proposed, including avoidance of the offending food and of indoor allergens (1, 2) or, more recently, active immunoprophylaxis (3), which is generating great expectations (4). The complementary concept of prevention based on allergen-nonspecific approaches arose from data linking the allergy epidemic to hygiene (5, 6) and suggesting that exposure to certain infections can prevent IgE sensitization to allergens (7) and inflammation triggered by allergen–IgE interactions (8). Properly conditioned by microbial antigens typical of a traditional lifestyle, the innate immune system would progressively ‘teach’ the adaptive immune system to interact safely with nonmicrobial antigens that possess allergenic properties (‘immunoeducation’) (9). Consequently, IgE sensitization might be prevented by the administration of appropriate microbes or their substances rather than by forsaking a hygienic lifestyle (10). Unfortunately, this wishful concept is not simple to apply. Indeed, a scientific approach to the use of microbes in the prevention of IgE sensitization requires profound knowledge of how the newborn's immune response to allergens matures during exposure to an extremely complex microbial world (9). To this end, carefully designed, longitudinal studies in humans are needed to gain more insight into the role of commensals and pathogens in the development of IgE sensitization (11). Prevention or therapy of allergy by administration of microbial products originally licensed with other indications may be considered just an empiric shortcut.
__label__0, Background: Celery root is often consumed in a processed form as a cooked vegetable or as a spice. So far, however, there has been no information about the allergenicity of processed celery in celery-allergic patients.
__label__0, Background:Recent evidence suggests that asthma is not invariably related to atopy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the frequency of atopy, asthma and sensitization to eight common allergens in a large group of children with allergic symptoms.
__label__0, Background: Rhinitis is one of the world's most common health problems. Diagnostic criteria used in community surveys may affect reported prevalence and treatment.
__label__0, Background: Farm environment in childhood may protect against sensitization, allergic rhinitis, and asthma.
__label__0, Background: There is still a lack of standardization of the atopy patch test (APT) in test procedures and evaluation methods. Our aim was to examine the reproducibility of APT results and to compare visual evaluation to chromametry and laser Doppler imaging.
__label__0, Background: There is evidence that the use of alternative medicine (AM) for allergies has increased. However, little is known from population-based studies about what determines its use. The objective of this study was to evaluate the patterns of use of AM for allergies.
__label__0, In central and northern Europe, allergy (1) to food of plant origin is mediated, in most instances, by sensitization to birch pollen, and up to 80% of birch pollen allergic patients suffer from an associated food allergy. Patients sensitized to birch pollen are mainly affected by allergic reactions to foods of the Rosaceae family (such as apple, pear, cherry, peach and nectarine) and to various vegetables.
__label__0, Background: Solubility is an important characteristic of allergenic molecules. The aim of this study was to investigate the solubility of Ole e 1, a major allergen of Olea europaea, using different solvents.
__label__0, Background: Eotaxin and interleukin-5 together provide the signal essential for eosinophil transmigration to airway tissue in allergic reactions. However, it is not known whether peripheral blood eosinophils (PBE) possess an increased transmigration capacity in vitro after allergen challenge in vivo before they leave the circulation. We aimed to determine whether PBE in cat-sensitized children have increased spontaneous and/or eotaxin-induced transmigration capacity in vitro, and to what extent allergen challenge alters this feature.
__label__0, Background: The contribution of free oxygen radicals in the pathogenesis of bronchial asthma is generally accepted. The modulation of antioxidative defence by supplementation with antioxidants represents additive therapy in complex management of disease. The aim of the study was to assess the levels of coenzyme Q10, α-tocopherol, and β-carotene both in plasma and whole blood, and malondialdehyde (MDA) and eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) in plasma of asthmatics (As).
__label__0, Background: To gain insight into the mechanisms responsible for tissue neutrophil immigration in sinusitis, primary nasal fibroblasts are analyzed for synthesizing and delivering neutrophil chemokines.
__label__0, Background: It is discussed whether exposure to pets during childhood is a risk or a protective factor for sensitization and allergic symptoms. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between pet-keeping at time of birth and allergic symptoms in airways, nose and skin among young children in Sweden.
__label__0, Background: The aim of this clinical trial was to investigate whether repeated inhalation of the new inhaled steroid ciclesonide reduces the early-phase (EAR) and late-phase (LAR) reactions after allergen challenge in patients with mild allergic asthma. Also, this study provides further data on safety and tolerance of ciclesonide.
__label__0, Background: Malassezia yeasts play a role in the pathogenesis of atopic eczema/dermatitis syndrome (AEDS). The revised genus Malassezia includes several species which all are natural habitants of the human skin. In this study, we evaluated the presence of immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibodies to different Malassezia spp. in AEDS patients to allow optimization of the characterization of the IgE antibody profile of IgE-associated AEDS.
__label__0, During the last three decades the focus on quality of life (QoL) has been increased both in clinical research and practice. It was not until the early 1990s, that health-related quality of life (HRQL) questionnaires in the field of rhinitis and asthma were introduced (1–3). Since then, assessment of QoL has come to stay in allergy research. The awareness that the QoL of patients is an important issue to be managed has penetrated into consensus reports. For instance, the International Consensus Report on the diagnosis and management of rhinitis describes severity of seasonal allergic rhinitis in terms of occasional symptoms, prominent nasal or prominent eye symptoms (4). Seven years later rhinitis severity has been based on the impact of disease on daily life in the recently published ARIA guidelines (5). In moderate or severe disease patients may encounter sleep disorders. Normal daily functioning in school, work and leisure may be impaired and symptoms may be troublesome. The difference between the two consensus reports illustrates the notion that attention for the burden of disease is important in the management of allergic disorders.
__label__0, Background: Th2 cells are thought to be involved in eosinophilic inflammation of the lung. CC chemokine receptor 4 (CCR4) has been identified as a specific receptor for both thymus and activation-regulated chemokine (TARC) and macrophage-derived chemokine (MDC), and is preferentially expressed on Th2 cells.
__label__0, Background: Although many chronic cough patients have complained of an induced cough by cold air contact, the clinical relevance of cold air to inducing a cough and the diagnostic value of a hyperpnea with cold air (HCA) challenge to detect a hyperreactive cough reflex have not yet been investigated.
__label__0, Background: Clinical documentation about effects on local markers of inflammation of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children is still poor.
__label__0, Background: In temperate climates, exposure to house dust mite (HDM) allergens is the strongest environmental risk factor for childhood asthma. Environmental modifications to limit exposure have the potential to reduce the prevalence of asthma. The aim of this study was to reduce allergen exposure for children at high risk of developing asthma.
__label__0, Background: Pine processionary caterpillars induce dermatitis by a toxic–irritative mechanism. The existence of true allergic reactions to allergens from these caterpillars has been recently demonstrated by positive immediate skin prick tests and specific IgE determination by immunoblotting using crude larval extracts. The aim of this work was to purify allergens from the crude larval extract in order to characterize IgE-binding proteins from these caterpillars.
__label__0, Aspirin-induced asthma and rhinitis (AIAR) appear to be precipitated by the inhibition of cyclo-oxygenase (COX). By inhibiting COX pathway aspirin diverts arachidonic acid metabolites to the lipoxygenase pathway. There are two isoforms of COX, namely COX-1 and COX-2. Metabolites derived from COX-1 are involved in cellular housekeeping functions. COX-2 can be induced in cells exposed to proinflammatory substances and growth factors. Recent studies have reported that patients with AIAR have decreased activity of COX-2 and lower production of PGE2 in the upper airway and peripheral blood cells. Considering the protective effect of exogenous PGE2 on aspirin-induced bronchoconstriction and the interdependence of PGE2 and cisteinyl leukotriene production, a reduced PGE2 synthesis may render aspirin-sensitive patients more susceptible to the inhibitory effect of NSAIDs drugs and also lead to an increase in cysteinyl leukotriene release.
__label__0, Atopy is the state of allergy to common environmental antigens. Genetic and environmental factors promote the disorder. The impressive rise in prevalence, mainly centred on socio-economically developed communites around the world, emphasizes the potent action of environmental factors in moulding this immune disorder which is characterized by inadequately restrained Th-2 immune mechanisms and IgE production. Reversing the epidemiological trend depends on our identifying the major environmental inputs and acting against these. As yet, the nature of these environmental factors remains to be clarified. Candidate factors include changes in diet, chemical air pollution and microbial exposures in developed countries. This article limits its scope to changing microbial exposures as a potential mechanism. (a) It records epidemiological data that have associated atopic status with less natural exposure to pathogens, parasites and commensal micro-organisms, but with more exposure to certain antibiotics and public health immunizations in early life. (b) It records studies in mice that support the concept that certain microbial exposures can inhibit experimental allergy. (c) It considers potential immune mechanisms for such an action, including the possibility that certain natural infections promote immune regulatory processes that can restrain atopy. It is concluded that the hypothesis that changing patterns of microbial exposure may have promoted the rise in atopy is viable, and that exciting possibilities for reversing the rise of atopy may be derived from further studies.
__label__0, Preschool children's adherence to asthma therapy is often sub-optimal and can result in decreased quality of life for children and parents, as well as an increased risk for dangerous asthma exacerbations. Asthma management for the preschool child presents some unique challenges to adherence to therapy, including the child's limited ability to communicate, multiple caregivers responsible for medications, and parental concerns about medications. Parent beliefs, characteristics of the regimen, and family functioning have been associated with adherence levels. Understanding and improving adherence to asthma therapy for the preschool child will necessarily require addressing these age-specific concerns.
__label__0, The early phase of an IgE-dependent allergic reaction is followed by the activation of a complex network of inflammatory phenomena – T lymphocytes, cytokines, mediators, and adhesion molecules – that mediate late and ongoing allergic symptoms. The kinetics of respiratory inflammation following allergen exposure involve the migration of inflammatory cells to the mucosa within about 30 min, increased inflammatory infiltration over the following hours, and then slow subsidence. A relationship between asthma and allergic rhinitis is supported by epidemiological, histological, physiological, and immunopathological data, and by the response of asthma symptoms in rhinitic patients to intranasal corticosteroids and antihistamines. For example, there is no morphological difference between the bronchial inflammatory response following allergen-specific challenge in patients suffering from asthma alone or rhinitis alone. It is the allergen dose that makes the difference in the airway response to allergen in allergic rhinitis and asthma. Recognition of the relationship between asthma and allergic rhinitis has led to the introduction of new diagnostic terminology and treatment recommendations: 1) patients with persistent rhinitis should be evaluated for asthma; 2) patients with persistent asthma should be evaluated for rhinitis; and 3) a strategy should combine the treatment of upper and lower airways in terms of efficacy and safety.
__label__0, Urticaria is defined by weals (hives), with or without angioedema, that appear and peak in minutes to hours, usually disappear within 24 h, and are accompanied by pruritus that worsens during the night. Urticaria is caused by cutaneous mast cell degranulation, attributed to immunological, nonimmunological, and idiopathic causes. Chronic idiopathic urticaria (CIU) is the diagnosis when the pathophysiological mechanism of persistent urticaria remains unclear; up to half of patients with CIU have functional autoantibodies directed against the high-affinity receptor for IgE (FcεRI) or against IgE itself, which appear to induce mast cell degranulation. Systemic histamine H1-receptor antagonists, such as desloratadine, are central to the management of CIU. The efficacy and safety of desloratadine, 5 mg once daily, was studied in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial that included 190 patients, ages 12 and above, with at least a 6-week history of CIU and experiencing a flare of at least moderate severity. Desloratadine was superior to placebo in controlling pruritus and total symptoms after the first dose, and its superiority was maintained throughout the full 6 weeks of the study. Measures of sleep, daily activity, therapeutic response, and global CIU status were also significantly improved with desloratadine after the first dose and maintained throughout the study.
__label__0, To date, the human angiotensinogen (AGT) gene and some of its variants represent the best examples of genetic influences that are involved in the determination of essential hypertension (EH) and associated cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). To assess the value of genotyping AGT in a genetically homogeneous population, we carried out a retrospective, case–control study of variants M235T and T174M for putative correlations with CVDs among nationals from the United Arab Emirates (Emirati) – an ethnic group characterized by no alcohol intake and no cigarette smoking.
__label__0, We had previously described a patient with an overgrowth syndrome and the chromosome constitution 45,XY,t(15q15q) (Wajntal et al., DNA Cell Biol 1993: 12: 227–231). Clinical reassessment and the use of molecular studies, including methylation analysis with an SNRPN probe, microsatellite analyses of D15S11, GABRB3 and D15S113 loci, and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) using the SNRPN and GABRB3 probes, are consistent with a diagnosis of Angelman syndrome (AS) due to paternal isodisomy. This is the fourth report case of a translocation 15q15q with paternal uniparental disomy (UPD). Our findings suggest that some patients with clinical features of AS have hyperphagia and obesity with overgrowth, and that these features should not rule out a diagnosis of AS.
__label__0, We describe a French Canadian hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC) kindred which carries a novel truncating mutation in hMLH1. Interestingly, the I1307K APC polymorphism, associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer, is also present in this family. The I1307K polymorphism has previously only been identified in individuals of self-reported Ashkenazi Jewish origins. In addition, in this family, there appears to be no relationship between the I1307K polymorphism and the presence or absence of cancer.
__label__0, The Marfan syndrome is an autosomal dominant heritable disorder of connective tissue that involves principally the skeletal, ocular, and cardiovascular systems. The most severe end of the phenotypic spectrum, the neonatal Marfan syndrome (nMFS), is characterized by pronounced atrioventricular valve dysfunction, and death often occurs within the first year of life due to congestive heart failure. Mutations in the gene coding for fibrillin-1, FBN1, are known to cause Marfan syndrome, and have been identified in almost all exons of FBN1. Here, we describe a novel mutation affecting the invariant +1 position of the splice donor site in intron 31, associated with skipping of exon 31, in a patient with nMFS. Published reports of nMFS are reviewed and a strict definition for nMFS is suggested. If this definition is used, all nMFS mutations reported to date lie in one of two hot spots, comprising mainly missense mutations in FBN1 exons 24–27 and mutations causing skipping of exon 31 or 32.
__label__0, Familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is caused by a defect in the function of the low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor and inherited in an autosomal, codominant way. In this study we present a 13-year-old girl, compound heterozygote for the LDL receptor mutations C240F and Y167X. Fibroblasts from the patient showed very low cholesterol esterification rate, LDL uptake, and degradation compared to normal fibroblasts (≪2%, 8%, and ≪2%, respectively). The C240F mutant was expressed in LDL receptor deficient CHOldlA7 cells. Analysis of cell extracts by immunoblotting demonstrated delayed processing of the mutated LDL receptor, which was accumulated as a precursor protein of normal size. A high molecular weight form of the receptor was also detectable in these cells, which probably reflects cross-linking through the unpaired cysteine residue in the binding domain. Cells expressing the C240F mutant protein were unable to mediate uptake and degradation of LDL. The two siblings of the index case also carried the C240F mutation, but surprisingly one of them (a 17-year-old brother) showed no signs of hypercholesterolemia. This observation is consistent with the view that there may be cholesterol lowering mechanisms that can be activated, perhaps by mutations in known or hitherto unknown genes.
__label__0, Mixed gonadal dysgenesis includes a heterogeneous group of different chromosomal, gonadal, and phenotypic abnormalities, characterized by the presence of a testis on one side and streak or an absent gonad on the other, persistence of müllerian duct structures and/or wolffian derivatives, and a variable degree of genital ambiguity. Here, we describe a patient with virilized external genitalia and phenotypic features of Turner syndrome, whose blood karyotype was 45,X/46,X,i(Xq). The presence of a unilateral dysgenetic testis was confirmed by histopathology. Using fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) and polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based analysis to detect Y-specific sequences, Y-chromosome material was not detected. To date, this is the first case reported of Xq-isochromosome associated with the presence of testicular tissue.
__label__0, The era of molecular biology has led to the development of powerful tools capable of generating therapeutics for genetic disorders. Although there is much current emphasis placed on the development of ‘gene therapy’ for human disease, developments in the production and availability of recombinant proteins are likely to have a more substantial impact on genetic disease in the short term. The clinical evaluation of recombinant or purified proteins serves as an initial ‘proof of principle’ of gene-based therapies and thus should expedite advances in this area. Current examples include the use of bovine adenosine deaminase for a form of severe combined immune deficiency (SCID) (Hilman BC, Sorensen RU. Management options: SCIDS with adenosine deaminase deficiency. Ann Allergy 72: 1994: 395–403) and glucocerebrosidase for Gaucher disease (Niederau C, vom Dahl S, Haussinger D. First long-term results of imiglucerase therapy of type 1 Gaucher disease. Eur J Med Res 1998: 3: 25–30). The success of these two enzyme replacement regimes in human clinical trials has been a main impetus for the development of gene-based therapies for these disorders. The ‘molecularization of medicine’ has led to a more thorough understanding of the molecular basis of disease and disease pathogenesis. The availability of recombinant proteins and the development of appropriate delivery systems will result in more widespread use of these agents. Protein engineering will generate agents with novel functions as is already witnessed with the generation of fusion proteins. This review will highlight advances in the use of recombinant proteins for genetic disease and future potential uses of recombinant proteins.
__label__0, The cardinal features of Kabuki (Niikawa–Kuroki) syndrome (KS) include characteristic facial dysmorphic features, mild to moderate mental deficiency, skeletal abnormalities, dermatoglyphic abnormalities, and postnatal growth retardation. We identified 8 patients with KS in a genetics clinic over the past 5 years. All were Caucasians, except for 2 who were of mixed Aboriginal and Caucasian descent. All had the facial gestalt, the dermatoglyphic abnormalities characteristic of the syndrome, and developmental delay. Dental abnormalities of permanent teeth were seen in all 8 cases; 6 had missing lower incisors. Five patients had uniquely abnormal upper incisor teeth shape; the upper incisors had a ‘flat head’ screwdriver-shaped appearance. Other dental abnormalities included missing lower lateral incisors, missing second premolars, and ectopic upper 6-year molars. We believe the presence of the unique dental findings will prove useful in the diagnostic assessment of individuals with KS.
__label__0, The von Hippel–Lindau (VHL) syndrome is an inherited multi-tumour disorder characterised by clinical heterogeneity and high penetrance. The VHL gene has been shown to be a tumour-suppressor gene. A carrier of a germline mutation will be predisposed to a high variety of benign and malign tumours affecting different organ systems. As treatment of VHL malformations in presymptomatic stages will improve significantly the clinical outcome and the patient's quality of life, early and unambiguous detection of a germline mutation is mandatory. Direct sequencing especially of large genes might be laborious and time consuming. Therefore, most laboratories apply single strand conformational polymorphism (SSCP) analysis as an initial screening technique. Major disadvantages of this approach are the requirement of specialised equipment and a limited detection rate of about 70%. To overcome these problems, we applied the modified technique of fluorescence-labelled base excision sequence scanning (F-BESS).A young patient without family history of VHL with two hemangioblastoma of the cerebellum, pancreatic cysts and angiomatosis retinae was presented. Applying F-BESS, we detected a frameshift in exon 2 as a de novo germline mutation. Direct sequencing revealed an insertion of C at position 631/632. This is a novel VHL mutation, which results in truncation of the VHL protein omitting the Elongin-binding domain. Applying SSCP on the same DNA, no alteration could be detected. Three further family members were tested negative for the mutation by F-BESS in accordance with lack of any clinical VHL features. As F-BESS appears to be a reliable, fast and unexpensive method, we recommend this technique as an initial screening method.
__label__0, Children with cystic fibrosis (CF) diagnosed by neonatal screening have a better nutritional development and other advantages compared with those in a nonscreened group. The two-tier immunoreactive trypsinogen (IRT)/DNA screening protocol has been found superior to the single-tier IRT approach, improving the positive predictive value and thus reducing the false–positive rate. However, variations of the DNA test are required for different populations. In this study we examined CFTR (cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator) mutations in 331 CF patients attending the centres in Stockholm, Lund and Uppsala, comprising about 75% of the CF population in Sweden. The frequency of ΔF508 among CF alleles was 68.3% There were two other mutations, 394delTT and 3659delC, found to be fairly frequent, amounting to 8.5 and 7.9%, respectively. Other mutations were comparatively rare. A simple and effective method of analysing the three mutations from Guthrie cards has been developed. Assuming Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium, 90% of our CF patients will be expected to carry at least one ΔF508 allele and 97.6% to carry at least one ΔF508, 394delTT or 3659delC copy. Including the latter two in a screening programme would thus substantially reduce the risk of a false–negative outcome.
__label__0, Prenatal diagnoses of haemoglobin (Hb) mutations were performed using transcervical cells, retrieved by aspiration from the endocervical canal of ten selected pregnant women at about 10 weeks of gestation, prior to chorionic villus sampling (CVS). Both parents were carriers of haemoglobinopaties (thalassaemia or HbS). Clumps of fetal cells were isolated by micromanipulation under an inverted microscope and aliquots of the extracted DNA tested separately for the presence of paternally derived chromosome markers and Hb mutations by quantitative fluorescent polymerase chain reaction (PCR).The correct prenatal diagnosis of Hb diseases, using selected single clumps of trophoblastic cellular elements free of maternal contaminating cells, was achieved in six out of ten cases.
__label__0, This report studies a 42-year-old 46,XX patient affected by palmoplantar keratoderma, clinically classified as Huriez syndrome. The patient showed a male phenotype with apparently normal male features including testicular development. Cytogenetic and chromosomal painting analysis excluded the presence of translocation of the Y chromosome. PCR analysis of genomic DNA failed to detect the presence of the testis-determining gene, SRY. The presence of other Y-chromosome genes, known to be involved in testicular maturation and spermatogenesis, has also been analyzed. The data suggest that the sex reversal in this 46,XX male patient is due to a defect on a yet unidentified autosomal or X-linked sex-determining gene. The relationship between the sex reversion and the presence of sclerotylosis is discussed.
__label__0, The evaluation of mental retardation is always a challenge to clinicians. The recognition of specific physical or behavioral characteristics can vastly improve diagnostic yield. Several genetic disorders have been identified to have certain behavioral characteristics, such as Williams syndrome, Smith–Magenis syndrome, and the velocardiofacial syndrome (VCFS). The deletion affecting the chromosome 22q in the most distal band (22q13) appears to define yet another neurobehavioral phenotype. In addition to our report, there are about 17 other cases published of this particular deletion syndrome. We describe three children who share features of developmental delay and pervasive behaviors in addition to normal to advanced growth patterns. Results of cytogenetic analysis suggest that the 3 patients share a deletion affecting the terminal 22q13 region. Two were found to have a cryptic deletion, in the third it was detected by conventional cytogenetics. The cryptic deletions were demonstrated using fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH), where the control probe for the DiGeorge/VCFS region was deleted. While there remain gaps in our understanding of this particular deletion syndrome, we propose that patients with normal or advanced growth, significantly delayed speech, deviant development and pervasive behaviors, with minor facial dysmorphism, be screened for this deletion.
__label__0, HOX genes play a fundamental role in the development of the vertebrate central nervous system, axial skeleton, limbs, gut, urogenital tract and external genitalia, but it is only in the last 4 years that mutations in two of the 39 human HOX genes have been shown to cause congenital malformations: HOXD13, which is mutated in synpolydactyly, and HOXA13, which is mutated in Hand-Foot-Genital syndrome. Here we review the mutations already identified in these two genes, consider how these mutations may act, and discuss the possibility that further mutations remain to be discovered both in developmental disorders and in cancer.
__label__0, Developmental anomalies of the appendicular skeleton are among the most common and easily ascertained birth defects. Split hand/split foot malformations, distinctive in having deficiency of the central rays, occur as isolated anomalies and as one component of multisystem syndromes. The clinical and molecular characterization of a new syndrome, found in two unrelated families, consisting of split foot with hearing loss, is presented here. As in other split hand/split foot conditions, variable expression and reduced penetrance is notable. In the larger family, variably expressed split foot malformations were found in 6 of 11 gene carriers, and mild-to-moderate sensorineural hearing loss in 4. Split hand and cleft lip/palate in one individual and tibial deficiency in another suggest that these malformations are uncommon components of the syndrome. Ectodermal abnormalities did not occur. In the second family, variable split foot was observed in 3 of 4 gene carriers, and sensorineural deafness was present in 3. Split hand was only seen in a gene carrier who also had split foot and deafness. One gene carrier only had deafness. The gene for split hand/split foot with sensorineural hearing loss was linked to markers in 7q21 in both families, with a combined (maximum LOD score of 4.37 at Θ=0.0 for locus D7S527) at 80% penetrance. Efforts to identify the responsible gene have not yet been successful.
__label__0, Spinocerebellar ataxias comprise a poorly understood group of inherited degenerative neurological diseases. Attempts to classify hereditary ataxias on the basis of the neurological features or specific clinical signs such as tendon reflex changes have proven to be unsatisfactory. Early onset cerebellar ataxia (EOCA) is generally inherited as an autosomal-recessive trait. Thus far, we do not have accurate answers to several questions about its classification. However, significant clinical heterogeneity observed in four Tunisian families with typical EOCA clinical features reinforces the hypothesis of genetic heterogeneity underlying this phenotype. We have demonstrated that three of the four families studied were not linked to Friedreich's ataxia (FA), vitamin E deficiency ataxia (AVED), and autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia (ADCA) loci. The fourth family showed homozygosity for a large pathological expansion of GAA repeat in all patients, the parents being heterozygous for this mutation. We have also noted, in the case of the family studied, that there was instability in the transmission of the mutation, along with a phenomenon of anticipation comparable to that observed in dominant triplet repeat diseases. EOCA is thus clinically indistinguishable from FA, yet genetically independent of all known candidate genes. Genetic mapping is required for research into the causal gene and an understanding of the disease's physiopathologic mechanisms.
__label__0, Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) is a common autosomal recessive disorder caused mainly by defects in the steroid 21-hydroxylase (CYP21) gene. More than 90% of CAH cases are caused by mutations of the CYP21 gene on chromosome 6p21.3. The wide range of CAH phenotypes is associated with multiple mutations known to affect 21-hydroxylase enzyme activity. To date, 56 different CYP21 mutations have been reported, mostly point mutations, but small deletions or insertions have been described too, as well as complete gene deletions. Fifteen mutations, constituting 90–95% of alleles, are derived from intergenic recombination of DNA sequences between the CYP21 gene and the highly homologous CYP21P pseudogene, while the remaining are spontaneous mutations. A reliable and accurate detection of CYP21 mutations is not only important for clinical diagnosis, but also for carrier detection as there is a high variability in the basal level of 17-hydroxyprogesterone between normal and heterozygous individuals. Several strategies based on polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-driven amplification with allele-specific oligonucleotides to the CYP21 gene have been developed. It has been demonstrated that one reaction for PCR amplification of the CYP21 gene and the chimeric CYP21P/CYP21 gene using mixed primers in combination with nested PCR and single-strand conformation polymorphism is considered highly efficient and accurate for molecular diagnosis of CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.
__label__0, VACTERL represents a non-random association of congenital anomalies in humans of poorly known etiology and pathogenesis. From our mutant analysis of Gli genes, which encode transcription factors mediating Sonic hedgehog (Shh) signal transduction, we observed that defective Shh signaling leads to a spectrum of developmental anomalies in mice strikingly similar to those of VACTERL. In this review, we will discuss the function of the three Gli transcription factors in Shh signaling and mammalian development. We propose that VACTERL could be caused by defective Shh signaling during human embryogenesis and suggest that the Gli mutant mice can serve as useful models for studying the pathogenesis of VACTERL.
__label__0, The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) inter-individual variability and 16 polymorphisms of 11 genes associated with cardiovascular risk factors (genes among lipid and homocysteine metabolisms, blood viscosity, platelet aggregation, leukocyte adhesion and renin-angiotensin system). CIMT was measured by high resolution B-mode ultrasonography in an healthy population of 77 men and 84 women, aged 35–54 years and selected from a French Cohort: the Stanislas Cohort. The polymorphisms studied were genotyped by a multilocus approach. Statistical analyses were carried out by ANOVA, after adjustment of CIMT for age, body mass index, and smoking, and by multiple regression analyses. No association was found with APOB Thr71Ile, APOC3 −482C/T, −455T/C, GpIIIa P1A, AT1R 1166A/C, AGT Met235Thr, CBS Ile278Thr, SELE 98G/T, and SELE Ser128Arg, polymorphisms neither in men nor in women. Although, in women we did not find any association for APOC3 3206T/G, 3175C/G, 1100C/T, CETP Ile405Val, MTHFR 677C/T and fibrinogen –455G/A polymorphisms; in men these polymorphisms were associated with CIMT variability (p≤0.01; p≤0.05). The most interesting finding was that altogether these genes in men were able to explain a considerable part, 20.6%, of CIMT variability. Therefore, our study gives a new opportunity to understand CIMT variability.
__label__0, The brief history of the Smith–Lemli–Opitz syndrome (SLOS) (MIM 270400) reflects that of latter 20th century dysmorphology and biochemical and molecular genetics: from its first description as a rare but characteristic multiple malformation syndrome known only to a handful of dysmorphologists, to a relatively common Garrodian defect with a complex molecular basis that has captured the attention of researchers and basic scientists from the fields as diverse as embryology, developmental biology, sterol biochemistry, epidemiology, and teratology. The discovery of the underlying biochemical defect – deficiency of 3β-hydroxysteroid-Δ7-reductase (DHCR7), an enzyme catalyzing the last step of cholesterol biosynthesis, and the resultant generalized cholesterol deficiency – has led to an explosion of knowledge of this biochemical pathway and to a paradigm shift in the recognition of metabolic deficiencies as causes of dysmorphic syndromes. Characterization of the human DHCR7 gene and the identification of mutations in patients with SLOS have revealed a complex picture of molecular heterogeneity and provided insights into the structure and function of DHCR7. SLOS is the first metabolic malformation syndrome with profound effects on the body plan, and its discovery has paved the way to the discovery of a number of other defects of the cholesterol synthetic pathway.
__label__0, The aim of the present study was to evaluate the rate of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy in first-degree relatives of index patients. Index patients (n=65) with singleton pregnancies complicated by intrahepatic cholestasis were identified among the women (n=11 984) who gave birth at Kuopio University Hospital in 1994–1998. The pregnancy histories of relatives of 56 index patients were reviewed and the rate of cholestasis in first-degree relatives was compared with that in the general obstetric population. Obstetric cholestasis was experienced by 9% of the parous sisters and 11% of the mothers of the index patients. The risk per delivery was 6% in the first-degree relatives. The rate in the general obstetric population was 0.54%. The odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were 12.6 (5.6–28.1) for the sisters and 12.2 (6.2–24.2) for the mothers. Obstetric cholestasis clusters within some families and is under strong genetic influence, although the precise genetic pattern remains obscure. The sisters of index patients are at an increased risk of the disorder and may benefit from close obstetric care.
__label__0, Molecular genetic methods are used with caution for determining positive malignant hyperthermia (MH) disposition in clinical MH diagnosis because of the genetic variability of this disease. But under defined conditions, genotyping can have an advantage over the standardized in vitro contracture test (IVCT) in respect of invasive approach, specificity, patient compliance, and the work and expense involved in the method. We aim to demonstrate this using 10 families with the Arg614Cys mutation in the ryanodine receptor as an example. Fifty-one index patients who had been classified as MH-susceptible (MHS) in the IVCT (European MH protocol) after a clinical MH incident or suspected MH were screened for the Arg614Cys (C1840→T) mutation in the RYR1 gene because this mutation is more common in German MH families (9%). The family members of those index patients, in whom a Arg614Cys mutation was detectable, were also screened for the presence of this mutation (n=136), and the results were subjected to a more detailed analysis including existing IVCT findings (n=71). The Arg614Cys mutation was identified in a total of 64 members of the 10 independent families. In 35 individuals in this group, there was a definite concordance between the MHS diagnosis in the IVCT and the presence of the Arg614Cys mutation. No individual phenotyped as MH-negative carried the mutation. On the basis of the guidelines of the EMHG for molecular genetic detection of MH susceptibility, 29 individuals who bore the Arg614Cys mutation were classified as MHS without the IVCT. If a causal mutation is detected in an MH family, the MHS diagnosis can be deduced without the invasive IVCT in all other mutation carriers. Despite inclusion of only one (Arg614Cys) of all known MH mutations, the study emphasizes the practical use of a genetic approach for determination of a positive MH diagnosis.
__label__0, The D/I (deletion, D, insertion, I) polymorphism of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) gene has been extensively studied for its association with a number of cardiovascular and other disease states. However, its potential association with differential clinical efficacy of ACE inhibitors (ACE-I) administered to patients who had suffered a myocardial infarction (MI), i.e. the prevention of left ventricular (LV) remodeling, has so far not been specifically studied. The aim of the study was to investigate whether the D/I polymorphism of the ACE gene is associated with the incidence of post-MI LV remodeling in patients drawn from the ‘Healing and Early Afterload Reducing Therapy’ (HEART) Study. The ACE D/I polymorphism was characterized by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in 265 subjects from the ‘Healing and Early Afterload Reducing Therapy’ Study, a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with the objective of determining whether early or delayed administration of the ACE-I, ramipril, in patients with acute anterior wall MI would be optimal in reducing LV enlargement. Selected frequencies for the ACE D and I alleles were 0.59 and 0.41 (placebo–high dose group), 0.56 and 0.44 (low dose–low dose group), and, 0.60 and 0.40 (high dose–high dose group), respectively. All observed genotype frequencies were in Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium. There was no evidence for an association between genotype and outcome regarding LV size or function, nor with the initial blood pressure response after ACE-I administration (adjusted for covariates). Our data provide no evidence for an association of the ACE D/I polymorphism with the risk of LV remodeling post-MI in the presence of ACE-I therapy, and therefore do not suggest that differential clinical efficacy of ACE-inhibitors is related to this genetic marker.
__label__0, Mutations in the RMRP gene that codes for an RNA subunit of the MRP RNAse complex are the cause of cartilage-hair hypoplasia (CHH; MIM 250250). We tested the hypothesis that recessive metaphyseal dysplasia without hypotrichosis (M1M 250460), a disorder presenting with short stature and metaphyseal dysplasia similar to CHH, but lacking hair anomalies, immunodeficiency and other extra skeletal features, might be allelic to CHH. We identified four mutation-carrying alleles segregating with the skeletal phenotype in two unrelated boys and their parents. One allele carried the common Finnish mutation +70A → G; the remaining three carried +195C → T, +238C → T, and dupAAGCTGAGGACG at −2. Sequencing 120 alleles from a control group revealed an unusually high density of single-nucleotide polymorphisms in and around the RMRP gene: the biological significance of this finding is unclear.
__label__0, Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) is a rare recessive autosomal disease caused by mutations of the sterol 27-hydroxylase gene. Clinically, CTX is characterized by tendon xanthomas, cataracts and progressive neurological deficits. Because of the disruption of the 27-hydroxylase activity, CTX patients have elevated plasma levels of cholestanol, a by-product of abnormal bile acid synthesis. The present authors describe a female patient with CTX. The proband in this study presented with elevated cholestanol levels, markedly reduced mitochondrial 27-hydroxylase activity and altered bile acid composition. The 27-hydroxylase gene was analysed for mutations by polymerase chain reaction amplification of the exons and the splice-junction regions of the gene. The proband was found to be a compound heterozygote for two different mutations which have not been previously described: (1) a G → A transition at nucleotide 455 that is responsible for converting a glycine to a glutamic acid residue at amino acid position 112 (G112E); and (2) a five-nucleotide deletion in exon 5 (from nucleotide 965 to 969) that is responsible for a shift in the reading frame and the insertion of a premature codon at position 296, and consequently, the synthesis of a truncated protein lacking the heme-binding and andrenodoxin-binding domains. Long-term (18-year) treatment of the proband with chenodeoxycholic acid (750 mg day−1) has been effective in preventing any progression of the disease.
__label__0, A 15-year-old-boy and his mother, both carrying a cryptic deletion within 12p13.33, are described. The proband has a mild phenotype with moderate mental retardation and severe behavioural problems. The mother had some learning difficulties at school. Conventional GTL-banded high-resolution chromosome analysis showed normal karyotypes. Subsequent analysis by fluorescence in situ hybridization using a set of probes specific for the subtelomeric regions of all chromosomes, plus a series of probes at 12p13.33 extending from the 12p telomere, showed that both mother and son carry a 1.65 Mb terminal deletion in this region. There are 10 predicted genes within the deleted region. The unanticipated familial nature of the deletion emphasizes the value of family studies in all cases with subtelomeric abnormalities. It also demonstrates the difficulty in making a clinical diagnosis of individuals with this deletion. To the best of the present authors' knowledge, the proband and his mother are the first patients described with a submicroscopic deletion at 12p13.33.
__label__0, The apparent low incidence of colon cancer in the Black population of South Africa has been ascribed to a non-Western diet. The present authors report the identification of two common 5-bp deletions at codons 1309 and 1061 of the adenomatous polyposis coli (APC) gene in a Xhosa and Zulu patient, respectively. The in vitro transcription/translation test (PTT) and a non-radioactive heteroduplex method, which facilitates resolution of enzymatically amplified DNA by agarose gel electrophoresis, were used for mutation detection. This study represents the first report of APC mutations in indigenous Black individuals clinically diagnosed with familial adenomatous polyposis coli (FAP). The two deletion mutations are responsible for FAP in 35% of affected South Africans, a frequency similar to that described in several other non-African populations. The apparently low incidence of colon cancer in the African population may be ascribed either to the rare occurrence of the ‘second hit’ needed for polyp formation or to a lower incidence of mutations in the APC gene.
__label__0, The present authors have previously described a consanguineous Pakistani family with fibular hypoplasia and complex brachydactyly (DuPan syndrome) inherited as an autosomal recessive trait. All affected individuals showed either reductions or absence of bones in the limbs, and appendicular bone dysmorphogenesis with unaffected axial bones. Obligate heterozygote parents were phenotypically normal. Mutations in the cartilage-derived morphogenetic protein 1 (CDMP1) gene have been reported in two acromesomelic chondrodysplasias (i.e. Hunter–Thompson type and Grebe type) which are phenotypically related to DuPan syndrome. CDMP1, a member of the transforming growth factor β super-family of secreted signalling molecules, has been reported to regulate limb patterning and distal bone growth. Therefore, the present authors examined genomic DNA from the family with DuPan syndrome for mutations in the CDMP1 gene. Affected individuals were homozygous for a missense mutation, T1322C, in the coding region of the CDMP1 gene. This mutation was not found in 44 control subjects of Pakistani origin. The T1322C change predicts a leu441pro substitution in the mature domain of the CDMP1 protein. This is likely to cause a conformational change in the CDMP1 protein that influences the expression of genes which are required for normal bone development. This finding extends the spectrum of phenotypes produced by defects in the CDMP1 gene.
__label__0, The association between apolipoprotein E (apo E) polymorphism and stroke has been controversial. So far there are no studies reported on the polymorphism of apolipoprotein E in cerebrovascular diseases in the Asian Indians. A blinded case–control study was therefore undertaken and the apo E genotypes and lipid profile of a total of 120 subjects (63 stroke patients and 57 healthy controls) were done. The frequency distribution of apo E alleles and genotypes were assessed and their relation with the occurrence of stroke in Asian Indian subjects was determined. A significantly high frequency of apo ε4 allele (30%) was observed in the stroke patients than the controls (11%) (p < 0.005), and patients with ε4 allele had a fourfold higher odds to develop stroke OR (95%CI) 4.2 (1.8–10.1) (p < 0.005). On multivariate analysis, after adjusting for age, triglycerides and hypertension, the association of ε4 allele with stroke was found to be no longer statistically significant, OR (95%CI) 1.2 (0.4–4.5) (p = NS). On multiple logistic regression analysis age, OR (95%CI) 1.1 (1.1–1.2) (p < 0.001), and hypertension OR (95%CI) 15.1 (2.6–89.1) (p < 0.005) were found to be independent risk factors for development of stroke. This is the first report to have examined the association of apo E gene polymorphism with stroke in the Asian Indians. This study suggests that apo ε4 allele, triglycerides, age and hypertension are the predictors for stroke development.
__label__0, Evidence suggests that fibrate therapy reduces the risk of recurrent coronary heart disease among men with low levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Indirect observations and new possible biological pathways suggest that the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism might modulate the lipoprotein/lipid profile and its response to fibrate therapy. To assess the possible interaction between fibrate therapy and such variants on plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels, 65 dyslipidemic abdominally obese men were treated for 6 months with or without gemfibrozil (600 mg twice daily). No differences in baseline plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels were found between genotype groups except for the HDL3-C subfraction, which was higher in the DD group (p = 0.02). A two-way factorial ANOVA was used to evaluate the effect of the genotype (DD homozygotes vs I allele carriers), the treatment (placebo vs gemfibrozil), and the interaction between these two independent variables on changes observed in lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. A significant genotype-by-treatment interaction (p = 0.02) was found for the plasma HDL-C response to the intervention program. In fact, having the DD genotype and being treated with gemfibrozil had a synergical effect on HDL-C levels. The results of this study suggest that the ACE I/D polymorphism influences the effect of gemfibrozil on plasma HDL-C levels.
__label__0, Small supernumerary marker chromosomes (SMC) are a heterogeneous group of chromosomes with an estimated frequency of approximately 0.14–0.72 per 1000 newborns and higher frequencies in particular populations such as the mentally retarded or infertile males. With a frequency of about 50%, derivatives of chromosome 15 represent the most common SMC. Here we present the results of a detailed analysis of 32 SMC(15) carriers who were ascertained in pre- or post-natal routine cytogenetic diagnostics. SMC(15) with euchromatic content led to mental and psychomotor retardation. In contrast, SMC(15) without euchromatin were found to have no influence on the carrier's phenotype but were detected with a high incidence among infertile males. The majority of SMC(15) are pseudodicentric homologous rearrangements. Based on our investigations a further characterization of der(15) was possible.
__label__0, A prototype database of published articles containing data on the frequency of human inherited disorders has been developed for use in clinical contexts, in medical research, for epidemiological studies, and in the planning of genetic services. It can be accessed at http://www.uwcm.ac.uk/uwcm/mg/fidd/. The information available in the literature comes from a wide range of publications, not all can be described primarily as epidemiological surveys. A preliminary assessment indicated that the quality of published articles was highly variable. Very few published articles describe quality-scoring systems for epidemiological surveys in general. We have developed a new scoring system to assess the quality of published articles on genetic disease frequency based on five main criteria and nine component scores. We carried out a first pilot study, to test its feasibility, usefulness and reproducibility. Eleven assessors scored six papers on the epidemiology of Huntington disease. As a result of these findings, we modified the scoring system to define each component more clearly. This was then evaluated in a second pilot study, which utilized six assessors to score 20 papers. The consensus between assessors remained relatively poor. We feel that while it may be possible to improve the scoring system further, the degree of improvement attainable may be limited by the poor standards of content and presentation of published surveys, which led to confusion and uncertainty by assessors. This pilot exercise has shown the need to raise the awareness of researchers and clinicians about the basic quality standards to be required of epidemiological genetic surveys.
__label__0, A kinetic analysis of freeze drying by immersion in an adsorbent fluidized bed process has been carried out and will be discussed in this paper. The process is described based on a uniformly retreating ice front model in spherical geometry. The model needs to know both temperature and pressure driving forces, correlated as a function of water content. The influence exerted by operational conditions on the heat and mass coefficients has been studied. Transport coefficients are correlated as a function of the operating conditions to obtain equations that can be used for predicting purposes in fluid bed freeze drying. Kinetic aspects are related to quality indicators determined through shrinkage of product to select the most adequate operating conditions.
__label__0, The aim of this study was to analyze the prevalence, risk factors, and short- and long-term prognosis of patients with acute coronary syndrome and normal renal function who developed percutaneous coronary intervention-associated nephropathy.
__label__0, In this work, porous MnO/C composites were successfully synthesized via a new ammonia diffusion method, in which the MnO nanoparticles were tightly embedded into a porous carbon matrix. Kapok fibers (KFs) were used as both the bio-template and the renewable carbon source. The KFs-templated MnO/C electrodes exhibited a high reversible specific capacity of 1454 mAh g−1 with a high coulombic efficiency, up to 98%, at a current density of 200 mA g−1 over 150 cycles. The high reversible capacity of the MnO/C composites could be ascribed to the synergetic effects of several factors including the unique porous microstructure, the small MnO nanoparticle size and the high defective carbon matrix. Due to the small MnO nanoparticles size and a moderate amount of carbon (13.3 wt%), the electrodes showed a small voltage polarization (about 0.89 V).
__label__0, This chapter discusses issues related to pharmaceutical tablet strength. The strength of flat and curved-faced tablets and other characterization methods, such as bending tests are presented in the chapter. Tablets are produced by die compaction, which consists of filling a die with powder, compression between two rigid punches and ejection from the die. The strength of the tablets is dependent on the state of densification of the powder, which is given by the applied force. The resulting tablet is subject to bulk handling and other post-compaction operations during which it must maintain mechanical integrity. In industrial practice, the most commonly applied strength measurement for a compact is the diametrical compression test. The test is simple and easy to perform and has been widely used to determine the tensile strength of a variety of brittle materials such as concrete, coal briquettes, gypsum, and lactose tablets. The mechanical and bioavailability properties of tablets are dependent not only on the composition of the powder blend but also on the process parameters during compaction, which are also defined in the chapter.
__label__0, The ligand binding modes of a series of fentanyl derivatives are examined using a combination of conformational analysis and molecular docking to the μ-opioid receptor. Condensed-phase molecular dynamics simulations are applied to evaluate potential relationships between ligand conformation and fentanyl substitution and to generate probable “bioactive” structures for the ligand series. Automated docking of the largely populated solution conformers identified a common binding site orientation that places the N-phenethyl group of fentanyl deep in a crevice between transmembrane (TM) helices II and III while the N-phenylpropanamide group projected toward a pocket formed by TM-III, -VI, and -VII domains. An analysis of the binding modes indicates the most potent fentanyl derivatives adopt an extended conformation both in solution and in the bound state, suggesting binding affinity may depend on the conformational preferences of the ligands. The results are consistent with ligand binding data derived from chimeric and mutant receptor studies as well as structure−activity relationship data reported on a wide range of fentanyl analogues. The binding site model is also compared to that of N-phenethylnormorphine. An overlay of the bound conformation of the opiate and cis-3-methylfentanyl shows the N-phenethyl groups occupy equivalent binding domains in the receptor. While the cationic amines of both ligand classes were found docked to an established anchor site (D149 in TM-III), no overlap was observed between the N-phenylpropanamide group and the remaining components of the opiate scaffold. The unique binding mode(s) proposed for the fentanyl series may, in part, explain the difficulties encountered in defining models of recognition at the μ-receptor and suggest opioid receptors may display multiple binding epitopes. Furthermore, the results provide new insight to the design of experiments aimed at understanding the structural basis to the differential selectivities of ligands at the μ-, δ-, and κ-opioid receptors.
__label__0, Genetic information in an organism is expressed in three classes of genes—structural (protein-coding) genes that are transcribed into messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) and translated into polypeptides; genes that code for ribosomal RNA, transfer RNA, or other small RNAs, in which the transcription product is used directly; and regulatory sites that are not transcribed but serve as recognition sequences for proteins involved in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) replication, transcription, and repair. Protein synthesis occurs on the ribosomes located in the endoplasmic reticulum of a cell cytoplasm. Once proteins are produced, they are transported into the Golgi apparatus where they are processed and transported to their ultimate destination. The protein must be folded and, sometimes, assembled into multiprotein complexes. Folding may require the assistance of other proteins called molecular chaperones. Gene regulation in insects and other eukaryotes is complex, diverse, and the subject of intensive research. Genes may be amplified or rearranged to yield increased gene products. Genes may be regulated by being methylated. Transcription is influenced by activator proteins, hormones, and enhancers. Alternative splicing, alternative promoters, and translational control are employed in gene regulation. Insulators or boundary elements are naturally occurring DNA sequences that protect genes from position effects, establishing independent functional domains within a chromosome.
__label__0, This chapter discusses optics and nonlinearities of excitons in organic multilayered nanostructures and superlattices. Superlattices help study the phenomena that arise at interfaces among different media. These artificial layered crystals may be considered systems with condensed interfaces because the total area of their interfaces is proportional to the volume of a system. Under these conditions, some specific surface and quasi-two-dimensional effects make important contributions to bulk crystal optics. For example, their macroscopic electrodynamics correspond to uniaxial rather than isotropic crystal optics. Different interactions taking place at interfaces are important and can be responsible for the appearance of new linear and nonlinear optical effects. Thus, it can be shown that in such crystalline layered molecular structures, excitations can be concentrated near the interfaces among different layers. Various types of Fermi resonances can be used as a universal means for achieving optical bistability and multistability. New states, Fermi-resonance-interface modes, and Fermi-resonance-interface solitons are described in the chapter. Fermi resonance is a phenomenon that takes place in vibrational or electronic spectra of molecules. Interesting phenomena can take place in systems with Fermi resonance under the influence of an external electromagnetic field. The chapter presents an example of bistable energy transmission through an interface with a Fermi-resonance interaction.
__label__0, The chapter presents a theoretical study of the effects arising in hybrid organic–inorganic systems due to the resonant Coulomb interaction in the weak coupling regime. The main objective was to describe incoherent energy transfer from an excited inorganic semiconductor nanostructure (the donor) to an organic material (acceptor), whose electronic excitation energy is close to that of the donor. This work may be viewed as the extension of Förster's picture of the transfer between two point molecules to systems, whose wave functions are essentially delocalized in space. The calculations for quantum dots show that the Förster energy transfer from the lowest state of the electron–hole pair in the dot is also fast enough compared to the carrier recombination time (with the characteristic numbers similar to those for the quantum well).
__label__0, This chapter describes some unusual properties of charge-transfer excitons (CTEs). A phenomenon that may arise in organic multilayers at donor–acceptor interfaces in a system of two-dimensional CTEs at high pumping is described in the chapter. The chapter discusses the dielectric-conductor-phase transition at a donor–acceptor interface, the photovoltaic effect in asymmetrical superlattices, and the resonant as well as off-resonant χ3 optical nonlinearities. It discusses the stability of interacting CTEs at the donor–acceptor interface and the possibility of a transition to a conducting state. The possibility of considering such organic crystalline structures has only recently appeared because of the progress in the development of the organic molecular beam deposition (OMBD) and other related techniques. Such progress has led to the monolayer control over the growth of organic thin films and superlattices with extremely high chemical purity and structural precision. This opens a wide range of possibilities for creating new types of ordered organic multilayer structures, including ordered interfaces. A long range exciton–exciton interaction leads to a large resonant nonlinear polarization exhibiting an unusual dependence on a light electric field that goes beyond the standard perturbation expansion. The static electric fields induced by the photogenerated CTEs affect the off-resonant hyperpolarizabilities of nearby molecules, thereby giving rise to new and stronger all-optical nonlinearities.
__label__0, A new experimental system is presented to investigate the fast pyrolysis of solid fuels, in the absence of heat- and mass-transfer limitations. It consists of an electrically heated furnace, where a thin layer of powdered solid is exposed, on both sides, to radiative heating. A PID temperature controller is programmed for two different working conditions:  the usual constant furnace temperature (A) and a constant sample temperature (B). Cellulose pyrolysis is investigated in the temperature range 523−699 K. It is shown that significant heat-transfer limitations cannot be avoided with the modality A, unless very slow heating rates, as in the classical TGA systems, are applied. In the modality B (global heating rates 19−56 K/s), the independence of the char yields from the sample thickness, for values of this below a critical value, indicates negligible spatial temperature gradients and activity of intraparticle secondary reactions of primary vapors. External heat-transfer limitations, due mainly to endothermic reaction energetics, are also avoided through proper variation in the intensity of the external radiative heat flux. Consequently, conversion occurs under exactly determined temperature conditions. A cold helium flow carries away from the reaction environment volatile products so that the activity of extra-bed secondary reactions is hindered as well. Cellulose weight loss and temperature curves are applied to evaluate the global degradation kinetics and to study the influences of heat- and mass-transfer limitations.
__label__0, Recent approaches to social capital have cautioned against the view that social networks are resources to be called upon in times of crisis. We contribute a feminist perspective to this argument and call attention to the gendered power relations of social capital and social networks. We draw on field studies that examine women migrants’ rural–urban networks in two regions of Indonesia during the 1997–99 economic crisis period. Our findings direct attention toward the gender-specific limitations of social capital as a resource for development, and identify some ways in which the costs and benefits of social capital are organized by gender.
__label__0, This chapter focuses on basic helix-loop-helix (bHLH) proteins involved in lymphoid development and tumorigenesis. Functions and properties of the bHLH proteins are introduced that facilitate the understanding of their roles in the development and function of the lymphoid system. The bHLH family of transcription factors plays a pivotal role in cellular differentiation, influencing diverse systems, such as skeletal and cardiac muscle, pancreas, neuronal cells, adipocytes, chondrocytes, erythrocytes, and lymphocytes. This family consists of several dozen members that are expressed either ubiquitously or tissue specifically. Much of the investigation concerning the biological role of bHLH proteins in lymphoid cells relies on studies using transgenic or knockout mice. The chapter establishes that E proteins play multiple roles during lymphocyte development, partly by acting as ‘‘yin’’ and ‘‘yang’’ in antigen receptor signaling. On the one hand, E proteins are instrumental in the production of premature and mature antigen receptors that are crucial driving forces of lymphocyte differentiation. On the other hand, E proteins are also responsible for gauging the signaling strength of TCRs to ensure the survival of developing T lymphocytes.
__label__0, Mitochondria are ubiquitous organelles of eukaryotic cells. Their structural organization is rather complex. They consist of two different membranes: the outer membrane and the inner membrane. These serve as boundaries for the intermembrane space located between the two membranes and the matrix space that is enclosed by the inner membrane. The inner membrane can be further subdivided into the inner boundary membrane, which is juxtaposed to the outer membrane and the cristae, which are formed by the invagination of the inner membrane. Mitochondria are indispensable organelles because they fulfill a multitude of important functions for the cell. The genetic basis of the numerous functions of mitochondria has been analyzed in impressive detail during the past decades. In this way, many biochemical pathways were characterized and their protein components were identified. Still, a plethora of questions remain open. In particular, the role of mitochondrial proteins in processes, such as apoptosis, fusion and fission, morphology, positioning, and movement in the cell, is far from clear. In recent years, new pathways—for instance, Ca2+-dependent cellular signalling and iron–sulfur cluster biosynthesis—have been discovered.
__label__0, The formation of TiO2 powder from Ti(O-iC3H7)4 dissolved in supercritical isopropyl alcohol has been studied. Kinetic data were obtained in a temperature range of 531−568 K. A reaction mechanism has been proposed, based on a hydrolytic decomposition of Ti(O-iC3H7)4 by water produced in a catalytic dehydration of the isopropyl alcohol used as solvent and where the limiting steps are the decomposition reactions of the formed titanium hydroxides. In accordance with experimental results, such a mechanism leads to a first order kinetics relative to the precursor concentration. The activation energy was determined equal to 113 ± 16 kJ·mol-1, and an increase in the supercritical fluid density was found to decrease the overall reaction rate. The obtained results will be used to optimize the working of a continuous reactor producing submicronic TiO2 powder at a laboratory pilot scale.
__label__0, The synthesis and biological activities of 14 6-substituted 2,4-diaminoquinazolines are reported. These compounds were designed to improve the cell penetration of a previously reported series of 2,4-diamino-6-substituted-pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidines which had shown significant potency and remarkable selectivity for Toxoplasma gondii dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), but had much lower inhibitory effects on the growth of T. gondii cells in culture. The target N9−H analogues were obtained via regiospecific reductive amination of the appropriate benzaldehydes with 2,4,6-triaminoquinazoline, which, in turn, was synthesized from 2,4-diamino-6-nitroquinazoline. The N9−CH3 analogues were synthesized via a regiospecific reductive methylation of the corresponding N9−H precursors. The compounds were evaluated as inhibitors of DHFR from human, Pneumocystis carinii, T. gondii, rat liver, Lactobacilluscasei, and Escherichiacoli, and selected analogues were evaluated as inhibitors of the growth of tumor cells in culture. These analogues displayed potent T. gondii DHFR inhibition as well as inhibition of the growth of T. gondii cells in culture. Further, selected analogues were potent inhibitors of the growth of tumor cells in culture in the in vitro screening program of the National Cancer Institute with GI50s in the nanomolar and subnanomolar range. Crystallographic data for the ternary complex of hDHFR−NADPH and 2,4-diamino-6-[N-(2‘,5‘-dimethoxybenzyl)-N-methylamino]pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine, 1c, reveal the first structural details for a reversed N9−C10 folate bridge geometry as well as the first conformational details of a hybrid piritrexim−trimetrexate analogue.
__label__0, The modified Q cycle mechanism accounts for the proton and charge translocation stoichiometry of the bc1 complex, and is now widely accepted. However the mechanism by which the requisite bifurcation of electron flow at the Qo site reaction is enforced is not clear. One of several proposals involves conformational gating of the docking of the Rieske ISP at the Qo site, controlled by the stage of the reaction cycle. Effects of different Qo-site inhibitors on the position of the ISP seen in crystals may reflect the same conformational mechanism, in which case understanding how different inhibitors control the position of the ISP may be a key to understanding the enforcement of bifurcation at the Qo site (Table 1). Here we examine the available structures of cytochrome bc1 with different Qo-site inhibitors and different ISP positions to look for clues to this mechanism. The effect of ISP removal on binding affinity of the inhibitors stigmatellin and famoxadone suggest a “mutual stabilization” of inhibitor binding and ISP docking, however this thermodynamic observation sheds little light on the mechanism. The cd1 helix of cytochrome b moves in such a way as to accommodate docking when inhibitors favoring docking are bound, but it is impossible with the current structures to say whether this movement of α-cd1 is a cause or result of ISP docking. One component of the movement of the linker between E and F helices also correlates with the type of inhibitor and ISP position, and seems to be related to the H-bonding pattern of Y279 of cytochrome b. An H-bond from Y279 to the ISP, and its possible modulation by movement of F275 in the presence of famoxadone and related inhibitors, or its competition with an alternate H-bond to I269 of cytochrome b that may be destabilized by bound famoxadone, suggest other possible mechanisms. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Allosteric cooperativity in respiratory proteins.
__label__0, The effect of dispersed phase holdup and dispersion height on the separation of batch liquid−liquid dispersions is experimentally investigated in terms of the variation in the heights of the sedimenting and coalescing interfaces with time. A model is presented which predicts these separation profiles, knowing the initial drop diameter and the interfacial coalescence time for a dispersion of given height, dispersed phase holdup, and physical properties. This is verified using the present and published experimental data.
__label__0, The batch emulsion copolymerization of acrylonitrile and butadiene is modeled, with the aim of simulating an industrial process and of improving the final polymer quality. The mathematical model is an extended version of that developed by Gugliotta et al. for a continuous emulsion polymerization of styrene and butadiene. Due to the relatively high solubility of acrylonitrile in water, the following effects are included:  (a) the acrylonitrile homopolymerization in the water phase; (b) the desorption of acrylonitrile radicals from the polymer particles; and (c) homogeneous particle nucleation. Apart from simulating two typical batch operations, the model allowed us to develop and simulate a semibatch operation aimed at reducing the copolymer compositional drift. A (suboptimal) semibatch operation was implemented that involved a series of impulsive acrylonitrile additions.
__label__0, In this work, the iron based shape memory alloy (SMA) Fe–17Mn–5Si–10Cr–4Ni–1(V,C) was investigated regarding its behavior under cyclic mechanical loading. In a first series of experiments, cyclic tensile tests were performed to characterize the material properties. In addition, the basic recovery behavior of the alloy such as recovery strain and recovery stress was characterized. Based on the obtained results, cyclic mechanical loading experiments were performed to analyze the structural fatigue behavior of the shape memory alloy with regard to its use for prestressing or coupling elements in civil and mechanical engineering, respectively. The results showed that high to low cycle fatigue transition appears at a stress significantly higher than the elastic limit of the alloy. The results can be used for the appropriate design of Fe–Mn–Si SMA elements under cyclic loading.
__label__0, The antioxidant activity of gallic acid and a series of alkyl gallates (C4–C18) and glycosylated alkyl gallates (C4–C18) on fish oil-in-water emulsions was studied. Three types of emulsifiers, lecithin, Tween-20 and sodium dodecyl sulphate (SDS) were tested. A nonlinear behavior of the antioxidant activity of alkyl gallates when increasing alkyl chain length was observed for emulsions prepared with lecithin. Medium-size alkyl gallates (C6–C12) were the best antioxidants. In contrast, for emulsions prepared with Tween-20, the antioxidants seem to follow the polar paradox. Glucosyl alkyl gallates were shown previously to be better surfactants than alkyl gallates. Nevertheless, they exhibited a worse antioxidant capacity than their corresponding alkyl gallates, in emulsions prepared with lecithin or Tween-20, indicating the greater relevance of having three OH groups at the polar head in comparison with having improved surfactant properties but just a di-ortho phenolic structure in the antioxidant.
__label__0, Nanocrystalline metallic materials based on partial devitrification of amorphous aluminum alloys show an attractive combination of high strength and low density. A key feature concerning the improved mechanical properties is the high number density of Al nanocrystals (1022–1023 m−3) that precipitate within the amorphous precursor structure upon low temperature annealing. For Al87Y7Fe5Pb, the melt-spun ribbons consisted of an amorphous matrix with a dispersion of Pb nanoparticles (10 nm diameter). HRTEM images of the Pb–Al interface revealed a good wetting behavior between the Al and the Pb nanoparticles. Isothermal annealing for Al87Y7Fe5Pb showed no transient stage even though the crystallization onset, Tx, was at a much lower temperature (247 °C) compared with Al88Y7Fe5 (267 °C). For Al(88−x)Y7Fe5Inx (x = 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, 2.0), the DSC results indicated that Tx continuously decreased from 232 °C to 220 °C as the indium level increases from 0.5 at.% to 2.0 at.%. Under STEM, the image showed a coherent interface between Al and In particles. In the analysis of the transformation kinetics, the addition of minor elements can effectively promote additional nucleation of Al nanocrystals by providing heterogeneous nucleation sites. These developments offer new opportunities for the control of nanoscale microstructures.
__label__0, This chapter is the second one dedicated to Bayesian learning. The emphasis here is on more advanced topics, dealing with approximate inference methods. Two paths for approximate inference, known as variational techniques, are discussed. One is based on the mean field approximation and the lower bound interpretation of the EM, and the other on convex duality and variational bounds. Regression and mixture modeling are discussed in this framework. Emphasis is given to sparse Bayesian modeling techniques and hierarchical Bayesian models. The relevance vector machine framework is presented. Expectation propagation is also discussed as an alternative to variational methods for approximate inference. At the end of the chapter, Bayesian learning in the context of nonparametric models is discussed, including Gaussian processes. Finally, a case study concerning hyperspectral imaging is presented.
__label__0, The chapter focuses on p53—that is, a cell cycle regulator activated by deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) damage. Mutations in the p53 tumor-suppressor gene occur at high frequency in a large variety of human tumors. These mutations include deletions of the entire gene, leading to complete loss of p53 expression, and missense point mutations that give rise to mutant p53 proteins lacking wild-type (WT) p53 activity. The high frequency of p53 alterations in human cancer suggests that this gene plays a critical role in the normal control of cell growth. A number of biological and biochemical functions have now been ascribed to WT p53. Importantly, mutant p53 proteins derived from human tumors are defective in some of these functions, suggesting that such functions are relevant for p53-mediated growth control and tumor suppression. This chapter reviews some of the recent progress in the exciting p53 field and proposes a model for the activation of p53 in response to DNA damage. The expression of exogenous WT p53 in various transformed cells carrying mutant p53 or completely lacking p53 inhibits cell proliferation. Experiments using replication of viral DNA as a model system have indicated that p53 may fulfill a role in the control of DNA replication. The common association between the viral oncoproteins and p53 represents a remarkable case of convergent evolution and provides strong evidence that p53 is a critical cell cycle regulator. P53 is normally an unstable protein with a half-life of 15–30 min. As a result, its levels in normal cells are almost undetectable and probably insufficient to suppress growth.
__label__0, During non-rapid eye movement (NREM) sleep (stage N3), when consciousness fades, cortico-cortical interactions are impaired while neurons are still active and reactive. Why is this? We compared cortico-cortical evoked-potentials recorded during wakefulness and NREM by means of time–frequency analysis and phase-locking measures in 8 epileptic patients undergoing intra-cerebral stimulations/recordings for clinical evaluation. We observed that, while during wakefulness electrical stimulation triggers a chain of deterministic phase-locked activations in its cortical targets, during NREM the same input induces a slow wave associated with an OFF-period (suppression of power > 20 Hz), possibly reflecting a neuronal down-state. Crucially, after the OFF-period, cortical activity resumes to wakefulness-like levels, but the deterministic effects of the initial input are lost, as indicated by a sharp drop of phase-locked activity. These findings suggest that the intrinsic tendency of cortical neurons to fall into a down-state after a transient activation (i.e. bistability) prevents the emergence of stable patterns of causal interactions among cortical areas during NREM. Besides sleep, the same basic neurophysiological dynamics may play a role in pathological conditions in which thalamo-cortical information integration and consciousness are impaired in spite of preserved neuronal activity.
__label__0, The high-temperature oxidation resistance of the carbide strengthened nickel-base alloy 602 CA is provided by the formation of a protective outer Cr2O3 scale accompanied by internal precipitation of alumina and dissolution of Cr-rich carbides. The carbide free zone formation has been discussed in the literature to be a consequence of either chromium depletion or alloy decarburization.
__label__0, Red beans exhibit many biofunctions, including the stimulation of intestinal motility, improvement of anemia and elimination of edema. This study was conducted to evaluate the functional properties of microbially fermented red beans produced under different fermentation conditions and to establish the optimum fermentation conditions for the production of fermented red beans with multiple biofunctions. The optimum fermentation conditions were the fermentation of red beans by a co-culture of Bacillus subtilis and Lactobacillus bulgaricus in the presence of 1% glucose, incubated at 30 °C for 120 h and stirred every 24 h. Compared with unfermented red beans, red beans fermented under the optimum conditions contained a higher concentration of antioxidant substances, including total phenolics, anthocyanin, flavonoids and vitamins C and E. The results of tests for DPPH-radical scavenging, ferrous ion chelation and reducing power implied a high antioxidant content. Fermented red beans exhibited nattokinase activity and contained a significant amount of potential probiotics.
__label__0, Infections with human papilloma virus (HPV) can result in cervical, oropharyngeal, anal, and penile cancer and vaccination programs have been launched in many countries as a preventive measure. We report the characteristics of a number of patients with a syndrome of orthostatic intolerance, headache, fatigue, cognitive dysfunction, and neuropathic pain starting in close relation to HPV vaccination.
__label__0, This chapter focuses on the major methods for preventing and controlling chemical process equipment corrosion. It describes the way to identify the more common forms of chemical processing equipment corrosion, and the way to effectively communicate with corrosion professionals in those instances when a consultant is needed for solving a processing equipment corrosion problem. The chapter categorizes corrosion into two types: uniform or general corrosion and localized corrosion. It reviews the difference between general and localized corrosion, and the way each type can be recognized. It estimates processing equipment service lifetime from corrosion rate data and recognizes the different types of corrosion that can degrade process equipment performance and equipment service lifetime. The chapter describes the way corrosion resistant materials can be selected for chemical processing equipment. It further discusses the prevention and control of corrosion through corrosion testing. It deals with two types of electrochemical tests: direct current polarization methods and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy.
__label__0, Behavioral adaptation and the chemical codes in the limbic system that underlie adaptation are set in ecological contexts in which there are trade-offs between competing desires—food, water, mates, safety, etc. Balancing the set of biological needs is an endless task; homeostatic and allostatic mechanisms are recruited to balance both short- and long-term needs. The limbic system contains both specific and nonspecific mechanisms to achieve internal stability. Peptides within the limbic system are contained in both specific and nonspecific neural systems. Afferent signals (demand or deficit signals-peripheral signals) act to invoke coordinating behavioral responses. The limbic system has a unique role in adjusting the requirements of the internal milieu to the demands of the external world. Appraisal mechanisms to facilitate and coordinate behavior are responsive to a wide range of demands, including recognition of need states, assessment of danger, coordination of drive demands, etc.
__label__0, This chapter focuses on one particular aspect of biological influences, the role of gonadal hormones, particularly androgens and estrogens, in the development of human behaviors and human brain structures that show sex differences. Gonadal hormones have powerful influences on sexual differentiation of brain and behavior in a wide range of mammals. This raises the question of whether sex differences in human behavior could result in part from similar hormonal influences. Human behavioral sex differences are currently understood to result from a combination of social, cultural, cognitive, and biological mechanisms. The overview of animal models, information about human situations involving hormonal abnormalities are described, as will the human behaviors that show sex differences and would, therefore, be hypothesized to be influenced by gonadal hormones. Further data on sexually differentiated behaviors in humans with hormone abnormalities are also discussed.
__label__0, Biotechnology is used by more than scientists, doctors, and drug companies. This chapter presents an application that is used by law enforcement and the court system: DNA fingerprinting. This technology first gained widespread notoriety during a televised murder trial in the United States in the 1990s. Since then, the underlying mechanism used for the technology has been improved to increase sensitivity and reduce the requirements placed on the DNA sample being analyzed. Both the older and newer technologies will be discussed.
__label__0, Unsupervised automatic topic discovery in micro-blogging social networks is a very challenging task, as it involves the analysis of very short, noisy, ungrammatical and uncontextual messages. Most of the current approaches to this problem are basically syntactic, as they focus either on the use of statistical techniques or on the analysis of the co-occurrences between the terms. This paper presents a novel topic discovery methodology, based on the mapping of hashtags to WordNet terms and their posterior clustering, in which semantics plays a centre role. The paper also presents a detailed case study in the field of Oncology, in which the discovered topics are thoroughly compared to a golden standard, showing promising results.
__label__0, En la literatura internacional ha retornado la polémica sobre la contribución de la investigación contable a la práctica profesional, observando que hay un distanciamiento entre ambas. España no es ajena a esta discusión, pero hay escasas evidencias de lo que opinan los colectivos. Por ello este trabajo se propone conocer la opinión del profesorado universitario español especializado en Contabilidad de Gestión sobre si existe ese gap entre la investigación en dicha especialidad y la gestión económica de las organizaciones. Para alcanzar el objetivo se ha procedido a encuestar a 298 académicos. Los resultados manifiestan que una amplia mayoría de profesores considera que el distanciamiento entre el colectivo académico y el mundo profesional existe y debe reducirse. Los profesores opinan que los principales motivos que impiden que la comunidad académica se comprometa con la práctica son: los criterios del sistema de evaluación del profesorado universitario, la falta de interés de los profesionales por acudir a las revistas académicas contables, la necesidad de respuestas a corto plazo que requieren los profesionales y la escasa transferencia de resultados de las investigaciones a las organizaciones. El interés de este trabajo radica en ser un estudio empírico pionero en analizar el gap en esta especialidad contable.
__label__0, Patients with systemic autoimmune diseases exhibit a higher incidence of atherosclerosis. Conversely, hyperlipidemia has been known to accelerate autoimmune diseases in humans as well as in experimental animal. How atherosclerosis impacts autoimmunity remains poorly understood. Importantly, recent studies showed that several pro-atherogenic factors including cholesterol, oxidized low-density lipoprotein and fatty acids regulate the production of IL-17 and IL-17-promoting cytokines from innate and adaptive immune cells. Given that IL-17 is associated with a number of autoimmune diseases in humans, dissecting the mechanisms beyond the mutual regulation of pro-atherogenic factors and IL-17 might provide a novel pathophysiology between atherosclerosis and autoimmune diseases. In this review, we discuss our current understanding related to the role of pro-atherogenic factors in IL-17 production and autoimmune diseases.
__label__0, Safe and efficient deoxygenation of benzylic alcohols was accomplished using a droplet-based microreactor, which induced rapid mixing of the hydrophilic reagents (HI and H3PO2) in the aqueous phase and the alcohols in the organic phase. We investigated the relationship between the surface-to-volume ratio of the organic droplets and the reaction rate, and examined the effect of temperature and concentration of HI and H3PO2 in the reaction. The deoxygenated product was separated from the strongly acidic aqueous solution, and HI in the aqueous solution could be recycled. The reaction afforded 99% yield at 120 °C with HI (3.4 M HI) and H3PO2 (4.8 M).
__label__0, The merits of low-cost, easy-fabrication, and FDA-approved biodegradable poly-ε-caprolactone (PCL) and dissolving poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) have initiated our research on developing a gentle fabrication method consisting of solution-casting process in sequence with thermal press molding for preparing microneedle (MN) patches with model hydrophilic compounds of rhodamine 6G and fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-labeled collagen encapsulated in the MN tip. The best PCL/PEG molar ratio of 1/19 was selected for molding the tip after considering the MN performances from mechanical compression and in vitro drug-release tests. A modified Korsmeyer and Peppas model was further proposed to simulate and elucidate the initial burst and slow dissociation–diffusion of the model drugs into the phosphate buffer. Moreover, the confocal microscope images at the insertion depth around 200 µm to the porcine skin together with drug permeation tests in a Franz-type diffusion cell showed that both drugs might rapidly dissolve and diffuse across the skin. These results suggest that the designed MN patches may serve as a useful device for transdermal delivery of hydrophilic biomolecules in a short-term manner.
__label__0, The problem of shock generated vibration is very common in practice and difficult to isolate due to the high levels of excitation involved and its transient nature. If not properly isolated it could lead to large transmitted forces and displacements. Typically, classical shock isolation relies on the use of passive stiffness elements to absorb energy by deformation and some damping mechanism to dissipate residual vibration. The approach of using nonlinear stiffness elements is explored in this paper, focusing in providing an isolation system with low dynamic stiffness. The possibilities of using such a configuration for a shock mount are studied experimentally following previous theoretical models. The model studied considers electromagnets and permanent magnets in order to obtain nonlinear stiffness forces using different voltage configurations. It is found that the stiffness nonlinearities could be advantageous in improving shock isolation in terms of absolute displacement and acceleration response when compared with linear elastic elements.
__label__0, The solubility of coumarin in six pure solvents was experimentally determined at temperature ranging from 278.15 K to 318.15 K by using a static analytical method under atmospheric pressure. The results showed that the solubility of coumarin in all tested solvents increases with the increasing temperature. Four thermodynamic models were used to correlate the experimental solubility data and the calculation results showed that all models can give satisfactory correlation results. The melting temperature and the enthalpy of fusion of coumarin were also measured by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). In addition, the mixing thermodynamic properties of coumarin were also estimated by using the Wilson model and the experimental solubility data.
__label__0, Scabies is an infectious disease caused by an obligate parasite of human skin – Sarcoptes scabiei var. hominis. The disease affects people regardless of their age, sex or socioeconomic status. The transmission occurs mainly through direct contact with an infected person as well as personal items including clothes, bedclothes, etc.
__label__0, Naturally inspired evolutionary algorithms prove effectiveness when used for solving feature selection and classification problems. Artificial Bee Colony (ABC) is a relatively new swarm intelligence method. In this paper, we propose a new hybrid gene selection method, namely Genetic Bee Colony (GBC) algorithm. The proposed algorithm combines the used of a Genetic Algorithm (GA) along with Artificial Bee Colony (ABC) algorithm. The goal is to integrate the advantages of both algorithms. The proposed algorithm is applied to a microarray gene expression profile in order to select the most predictive and informative genes for cancer classification. In order to test the accuracy performance of the proposed algorithm, extensive experiments were conducted. Three binary microarray datasets are use, which include: colon, leukemia, and lung. In addition, another three multi-class microarray datasets are used, which are: SRBCT, lymphoma, and leukemia. Results of the GBC algorithm are compared with our recently proposed technique: mRMR when combined with the Artificial Bee Colony algorithm (mRMR-ABC). We also compared the combination of mRMR with GA (mRMR-GA) and Particle Swarm Optimization (mRMR-PSO) algorithms. In addition, we compared the GBC algorithm with other related algorithms that have been recently published in the literature, using all benchmark datasets. The GBC algorithm shows superior performance as it achieved the highest classification accuracy along with the lowest average number of selected genes. This proves that the GBC algorithm is a promising approach for solving the gene selection problem in both binary and multi-class cancer classification.
__label__0, This work presents a coupled experimental and modeling approach to better understand the role of stress field heterogeneities on deformation behavior in material with a high viscoplastic anisotropy e.g. polycrystalline ice. Full-field elasto-viscoplastic modeling is used to predict the local stress and strain field during transient creep in a polycrystalline ice sample. Modeling input includes the experimental starting microstructure and a validated slip system dependent flow law. EBSD measurements on selected areas are used to estimate the local dislocation field utilizing the Weighted Burgers Vector (WBV) analysis. Areas of local stress concentration correlate with triple junctions and grain boundaries, originating from strain incompatibilities between differently oriented grains. In these areas of highly heterogeneous stress patterns, (a) kink bands are formed and (b) WBV analysis shows a non-negligible c-axis component of the WBV. The correlation between this defect structure and presence of kink bands suggests that kink band formation is an efficient accommodation deformation mode.
__label__0, The low-carbon society requires significant changes in the operation and planning of distribution systems. In order to exploit existing low voltage systems, Demand Side Integration is essential for offering services that increase security and quality of supply, improve energy efficiency and reduce the energy cost. In this paper, a decentralised multi-agent system (MAS) for the coordination of active demand and plug-in electric vehicles is proposed. The load Aggregator aggregates the demand to sellenergy and services by operating a Master Agent and independent Agents. The Master Agent coordinates independent Agents for moving demand to the most convenient hours without degrading power quality. All Agents use a combination of local and global data to perform the optimisation following the Nash's theory on games. The MAS does not require huge bidirectional information flows and is better suited than centralised systems to LV systems.
__label__0, There is an urgent need to develop new antibacterial agents because of multidrug resistance by bacteria and fungi. Schiff bases (aldehyde or ketone-like compounds) exhibit intense antibacterial characteristics, and are therefore, promising candidates as antibacterial agents. To investigate the mechanism of action of newly designed benzaldehyde Schiff bases, a series of high-yielding benzaldehyde Schiff bases were synthesized, and their structures were determined by NMR and MS spectra data. The structure–microbicidal activity relationship of derivatives was investigated, and the antibacterial mechanisms were investigated by gene assays for the expression of functional genes in vitro using Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus, and Bacillus subtilis. The active compounds were selective for certain active groups. The polar substitution of the R2 group of the amino acids in the Schiff bases, affected the antibacterial activity against E. coli and S. aureus; specific active group at the R3 or R4 groups of the acylhydrazone Schiff bases could improve their inhibitory activity against these three tested organisms. The antibacterial mechanism of the active benzaldehyde Schiff bases appeared to regulate the expression of metabolism-associated genes in E. coli, hemolysis-associated genes in B. subtilis, and key virulence genes in S. aureus. Some benzaldehyde Schiff bases were bactericidal to all the three strains and appeared to regulate gene expression associated with metabolism, hemolysis, and virulence, in vitro. The newly designed benzaldehyde Schiff bases possessed unique antibacterial activity and might be potentially useful for prophylactic or therapeutic intervention of bacterial infections.
__label__0, In bivariate density representation there is an extensive literature on level set estimation when the level is fixed, but this is not so much the case when choosing which level is (or which levels are) of most interest. This is an important practical question which depends on the kind of problem one has to deal with as well as the kind of feature one wishes to highlight in the density, the answer to which requires both the definition of what the optimal level is and the construction of a method for finding it. We consider two scenarios for this problem. The first one corresponds to situations in which one has just a single density function to be represented. However, as a result of the technical progress in data collecting, problems are emerging in which one has to deal with a sample of densities. In these situations, the need arises to develop joint representation for all these densities, and this is the second scenario considered in this paper. For each case, we provide consistency results for the estimated levels and present wide Monte Carlo simulated experiments illustrating the interest and feasibility of the proposed method.
__label__0, We perform a field-theoretical study of possible deuteron-like molecules with both open charm and bottom, using the Heavy-Meson Effective Theory. In this approach, we analyze the parameter space of the coupling constants and discuss the formation of loosely-bound D ( ⁎ ) B ( ⁎ ) -states. We estimate their masses and other properties.
__label__0, The copper–zinc–tin sulfide Cu2ZnSnS4 (CZTS) semiconductors are recently considered as one of the favorable materials for application as absorber layers in solar cells due to their appropriate direct band gap energy and high optical absorption coefficient. In this study, the effect of solvent type on properties of solvothermal synthesized CZTS nanoparticles has been investigated. Ethylenediamine (EDA), triethylenetetramine (TETA), ethylene glycol (EG), and oleic acid (OA) have been used as the solvent. X-ray diffraction technique and Raman spectroscopy confirmed the formation of crystalline CZTS nanoparticles with kesterite crystal structure in these solvents with the exception of EDA, which forms wurtzite crystal structure. Morphological characterizations show that several distinct morphologies including spherical (70–160 nm), nanoplates (∼45 nm thickness and more than 1 μm length), peculiar flower-like particles (with diameter of ∼0.4–1.5 μm), truncated hexagonal disks, irregular particles, and hexagonal microdisks are obtained by varying the solvent type. Optical studies revealed broad absorption of the CZTS particles in the visible region. Compared with other solvents, OA synthesized CZTS particles show higher absorption in the visible region. However, CZTS nanoparticles synthesized by TETA solvent show the most appropriate properties for application as an absorber materials in solar cells due to high crystallinity, low impurity phases, suitable size, and proper band gap energy.
__label__0, This chapter describes the methods and application of the Tn3 shuttle mutagenesis system. Tn3-free vectors can be used for random insertions scattered throughout the genome and used to screen for specific phenotypes linked to the insertion mutations. In shuttle mutagenesis procedure, gene (YFG) is cloned into a Tn3-free vector. A vector containing YFG (pHSS-YFG) is transformed into a pLBl01-containing strain. The resulting strain contains the pHSS-YFG target molecule and the pLB101 transposase-produeing plasmid. The transformant is then mated with a strain containing the conjugal plasmid pOX38 into which a defective minitransposon has been previously placed (pOX38::m-Tn3). Plasmid pOX38 acts as adelivery vehicle for the transposon. Transconjugants contain cointegrates between pOX38::mini-Tn3 and pHSS-YFG. The cointegmte is then resolved by conjugation with an F- strain that expresses the Cre protein from phage P1. The Cre enzyme is able to catalyze a site-specific recombination/resolution event at loxP sites carried on the Tn3-derived minitransposons. The products formed from cointegrate resolution are the original pOX38::mini-Tn3 and the target plasmid with a minitransposon insertion.
__label__0, Central to our inquiry is how organizations manage and accommodate conflicting demands in managing internal communication when they adopt social media that allows for more open and distributed communication. Drawing on ambidexterity theory we investigate and analyze the tensions and capabilities necessary to effectively manage two distinct types of internal communication (1) organizationally produced content and (2) user-generated content. We propose and unpack the concept of communicational ambidexterity to theorize the capability that enables organizations to accommodate and efficiently manage these two potentially conflicting modes of communication within organizations.
__label__0, This chapter provides illustrations of the femora of human, horse, bear, cow, pig, dog, white-tailed deer, sheep, goat, turkey, duck, raccoon, cat, opossum, rabbit, and chicken. It includes the anterior and posterior views of the human femora, and the cranial and caudal views of the non-human animals.
__label__0, Spinal cord injury (SCI) results in immediate damage followed by a secondary phase of tissue damage that occurs over a period of several weeks. The mechanisms underlying this secondary damage are multiple and not fully understood. A number of studies suggest that the local inflammatory response in the spinal cord that occurs after SCI contributes importantly to secondary damage. This response is mediated by cells normally found in the central nervous system (CNS) as well as infiltrating leukocytes. While the inflammatory response mediated by these cells is required for efficient clearance of tissue debris, and promotes wound healing and tissue repair, they also release various factors that can be detrimental to neurons, glia, axons, and myelin. In this chapter we provide an overview of the inflammatory response at the cell and molecular level after SCI, and review the current state of knowledge about its contribution to tissue damage and repair. Additionally, we discuss how some of this work is leading to the development and testing of drugs that modulate inflammation to treat acute SCI in humans.
__label__0, There is no literature about the average size of the salivary glands in the pediatric population with drooling (sialorrhea). Studies have shown that some pathologies affect the functionality of the salivary glands. We assessed via ultrasonography the sizes of the submandibular and parotid glands in 9 healthy children who were not suffering from local or systemic diseases that could affect the salivary glands. We also compared this group with a group of 9 patients with sialorrhea.
__label__0, The integration and automation of the whole design and implementation process has become a pivotal factor in Architecture, Engineering, and Construction (AEC) projects, especially regarding recent technological developments and emergent drivers in the field. Extant literature has highlighted a series of recurrent problems in process integration, especially at the conceptual design stage. This study presents the adoption of Generative Building Information Modelling (G-BIM) workspaces as an emerging technology. This has the potential to leverage conceptual design innovation in AEC projects. It builds upon the findings of an initial survey, and proffers a framework for using generative BIM workspaces at the conceptual design stage. This framework highlights the links and dependencies between generative/parametric tools and BIM applications to expedite information transition using generative tools primarily based on neutral BIM standards. Limitations of tools and approaches for providing accurate project information models are also captured in this framework. This paper demonstrates an overview of the G-BIM framework and the developed conceptual tool. Moreover, it reports on the challenges and opportunities associated with existing software applications. Findings reveal that the application of Generative Design (GD) can significantly enhance the design experience by assisting designers in the iterative generation of design alternatives and parameterisation processes. This framework purposefully integrates BIM with GD to enhance the design process at the conceptual design stage. This forms the rubrics for a working prototype which actively engages GD methods into a single dynamic BIM environment – the results of which will be presented in later works.
__label__0, This chapter discusses rock engineering problems. Rock differs from most other engineering materials in that it contains discontinuities such as joints, bedding planes, folds, sheared zones, and faults that render its structure discontinuous. A clear distinction must be made between the intact rock or rock material and the rock mass. The intact rock may be considered as a continuum or polycrystalline solid among discontinuities comprising an aggregate of minerals or grains. The rock mass is the in situ medium comprising intact rock blocks separated by discontinuities such as joints, bedding planes, folds, sheared zones, and faults. The properties of the intact rock are governed by the physical properties of the materials of which it is composed and the manner in which they are bonded. Because rock masses are discontinuous and variable in space, it is important to choose the fight domain that is representative of the rock mass affected by the structure analyzed. The chapter presents a simplified representation of the influence exerted on the selection of a rock-mass behavior model by the relation of the discontinuity spacing and the size of the problem domain.
__label__0, Food production machinery is a most vulnerable environment for long- term insect infestation, mostly from beetles and moths. This chapter deals with the treatment of these pests and also with the Tobacco beetle that infests cigarette production machinery.
__label__0, The aim of this paper is to study the dynamic behaviour of hydrogen technology in a company in which material handling and transportation is used as part of the production cycle at a business in the logistics sector, located in Madrid, Spain. The company owns a fleet of 38 vehicles of four different types powered by fuel cells, which are sufficient to handle and transport 36,000 pallets a week. Using the number of vehicles, the energy consumption and the work cycles for each type of vehicle as the main input variables, TRNSYS software was used to simulate this type of system to ascertain the dimensions of the hydrogen infrastructure. By simulating numerous configurations, we obtained the infrastructure that was most suitable for supplying the fleet and guaranteeing its autonomous operation for a five-day period. The results of the simulation are expressed in terms of the time variation of the energy consumed by the electrolysis system and the compressor, as well as the pressure and volume of the gas in the storage tank. From this it can be deduced that establishing the dimensions of the component elements means the entire system reaches a stable dynamic operation in a timeframe equivalent to 17% of the simulation horizon, with the operational and financial advantages that this entails. This is because the electrolysis system that is required operates continuously during that time, and the power consumed by the electrolysers is the system's main operational variable. The procedure employed for this study can be replicated in other similar situations by adjusting the input variables and any specific requirements.
__label__0, The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of a new smoking-salting method employing water vapour permeable (WP) bags on the physicochemical and microbial quality of smoke-flavoured salmon in refrigerated storage. Fresh salmon was subjected to a smoking process in the WP at 5 °C. Physicochemical and microbiological analyses were periodically carried out during the subsequent 40 days of refrigerated storage of the product. The WP bags enabled the evaporation of the exudate during the smoking-salting stage, enabling the drying of the product to take place at the same time. A slight increase of trimethylamine nitrogen (TMA-N) and total volatile basic nitrogen (TVB-N) contents was observed over the storage period. The concentration of TVB-N ranged from 14.26 to 21.48 mg N/100 g of fish, values far below the upper limits of acceptability. The low values of the thiobarbituric acid (TBA) index (final level of 0.71 mg MDA/kg) indicate that the lipid oxidation in the smoke-flavoured salmon was limited throughout the period studied. The initial K1-value was high and only a slight increase was observed during storage. Counts of mesophilic, psychrotrophic, Enterobacteriaceae and lactic acid bacteria were low throughout the study. Given the changes observed for the physicochemical and microbiological parameters, it can be said that no spoilage took place in the smoke-flavoured salmon during the 40 days of storage. This new method could be of interest to producers as it enables smoke-flavoured salmon to be produced to a good standard of hygiene, minimizing handling and reducing processing steps and brine wastes.
__label__0, Aging in rodents and men is associated with reduced serum levels of testosterone and Leydig cell testosterone productions. To further investigate the mechanism by which Leydig cell testosterone production declines, the effect of knocking out Nrf2, a master regulator of phase 2 antioxidant genes, was examined. In wild-type mice, testosterone production and serum testosterone levels remained unchanged through middle age (8 months), but then were reduced significantly by old age (21–24 months). In contrast, serum testosterone levels and Leydig cell testosterone production were reduced significantly in the Nrf2−/− mice as early as middle age, and were reduced further in the aged mice. Reduced steroidogenesis in the knockout mice was associated with reduced antioxidant capacity, and increased expression of protein nitrotyrosine residues, a marker of ROS. These results support the hypothesis that, over time, increases in oxidative stress contribute to or cause the reduced testosterone production that characterizes Leydig cell aging.
__label__0, The islands are often not or only partially connected to continental electrical networks and have to manage their energy supplies in reaching themselves the production/demand balance while ensuring the quality of the delivered electricity. The low consumption and the lack of interconnections induce higher energy costs than in other regions. For increasing their security, the islands prefer to use indigenous sources as renewable ones; unfortunately, the intermittence and stochastic character of these “fatal” energy sources make them more difficult to manage and it is aggravated in the case of small island networks. The islands are good locations for using and testing new technologies of energy production and storage. Most islands have a good renewable energy (RE) potential often underused. The difficulties of electricity management in island grids are first shown particularly with the impact on the energy production cost. Then, the problem of the integration of renewable energy sources (RES) in island electrical grids is highlighted. The energy situation of French islands is presented with a particular focus on the part of renewable sources. A higher share of renewable energy in the energy mix can be reached only with the development of the energy production efficient prediction, with the development of energy storage means and with an optimal management of the energy flux via the utilization of smart grids.
__label__0, Carbon nanotubes, with their unique structure, are expected to have a variety of applications as industrial materials. However, carbon nanotubes synthesized using the laser ablation method or arc discharge evaporation method always include other carbonaceous materials. Purification is a very important step in the use of carbon nanotubes as industrial materials. For the efficient recovery of nanotubes it is very important to clarify the gasification behaviour of the nanotube-containing material during the purification step. In this study, the gasification behaviour of a nanotube-containing material with various gasification agents was investigated in detail using a fixed-point observation technique and scanning electron microscopy. The gasification manner of the carbon nanotube-containing material was clarified using oxygen, carbon dioxide and hydrogen plasma as the gasifying agents. The gasification behaviour of the sample depended on the kind of reactant gas. In hydrogen plasma, carbon nanotubes were partly purified. Under the experimental conditions examined, oxygen gasification at 1023 K was the most effective method for purification of carbon nanotubes, and nanotubes were recovered selectively.
__label__0, Cutaneous permeation is a critical parameter when topical application of sunscreens containing antioxidants is considered. The aim of this study was to evaluate the cutaneous penetration of most marketed UV-filters combined with trans-resveratrol (RES) and beta-carotene (BTC) since few studies report skin penetration when such compounds are applied. Formulations containing octocrylene, octyl methoxycinnamate, avobenzone and bemotrizinole were prepared and supplemented or not with BTC, or with RES, or with both compounds in combination. Penetration studies were performed using Franz vertical diffusion cells and porcine ear skin as the biological membrane. The quantification of UV-filters and antioxidants in the stratum corneum (SC), viable epidermis plus dermis and receptor fluid was performed by HPLC. Results suggested that UV-filters and antioxidants did not permeate the skin but were retained for 12 h post application. About 90% and 80%, respectively, of the total penetrated amount of UV-filters and antioxidants was found in the SC. Interestingly, it was observed that BTC, alone or combined with RES, reduced the skin retention of UV-filters on average by 63%. In conclusion, this study demonstrated that the combination of antioxidants and UV-filters in sunscreens is advantageous for cutaneous penetration, since BTC and BTC + RES improved sunscreen safety by reducing delivery of the four UV-filters in the study into SC and viable epidermis.
__label__0, The increasing volume of tests (∼5% growth per year) processed by the Histocompatibility laboratory has gradually become an overwhelming challenge. The current Laboratory Information System (LIS) Oracle database has generated a substantial amount of manual and redundant data entry while only offering limited interface capabilities without meeting the changing regulatory reporting requirements. This manual input has contributed to inefficiency and transcription errors while lack of interfaces has significantly increased the paperwork. In 2011, the decision was made to implement a replacement LIS to address these issues.
__label__0, In Japan, Toyota Motor Corporation and Hino Motors Ltd have jointly developed a new bus equipped with the Toyota Fuel Cell System, which went into service with Meitetsu Bus Company on the Toyota Oiden bus route in Toyota City in early January.
__label__0, This chapter focuses on the synthesis of heterocycles from 2, 3, 4-furantriones (2, 3-dioxobutyrolactones). It describes the synthesis of the furantriones and also considers their nitrogen derivatives, which retain the furanone ring and are mostly the starting precursors for the heterocycles in the third and fourth parts. The heterocycles that retain the furanone ring and those that are produced by its rearrangement are also dealt with respectively. The synthesis of compounds possessing the furantrione ring is based essentially on the ready oxidation of the hydroxy tetronic acids. The chapter discusses the nitrogen derivatives of furantriones. The heterocycle may be fused to the furanone ring at various positions. Thus, the fusion may be on C-5 and C-4, C-4 and C-3, or C-3 and C-2. Otherwise the heterocycle may be linked to the C-5 of the furanone ring. Heterocycles from rearrangement of the furanone ring are also discussed.
__label__0, In this work, Artificial Neural Network-based software-sensors (ANN-SS) have been developed for the on-line estimation of ethanol concentration in a continuous flash fermentation process at laboratory scale. The process consists of three interconnected units: fermentor, filter (tangential microfiltration for cell recycling) and vacuum flash vessel (for the continuous separation of ethanol from the broth). The concentration of ethanol in the fermentor and of ethanol condensed from the flash are successfully monitored on-line using ANN-SS calibrated with laboratory experimental data. Results exhibited acceptable predictions for both concentrations of ethanol in the fermentor and condensed ethanol with correlation coefficients of 0.82 and 0.91. The proposed ANN-SS represents an accurate model-based approach which is expected to contribute to improve the implementation of suitable operating strategies of optimization and advanced control to achieve high operation performance.
__label__0, Altered activity of the nucleus accumbens (NAc) is thought to be a core feature of schizophrenia and animal models of the disease. Abnormal high frequency oscillations (HFO) in the rat NAc have been associated with pharmacological models of schizophrenia, in particular the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) hypofunction model. Here, we tested the hypothesis that abnormal HFO are also associated with a neurodevelopmental rat model.
__label__0, Perform an agreement and reproducibility study of the estimation of iron overload in highly transfused pediatric patients comparing R2* relaxometry (R2* = 1000/T2*) to the reference technique liver/muscle signal intensity ratio (SIR).
__label__0, The human Heat Shock Proteins (HSP70) family plays a key role in up-regulating stress responses. Some studies reported possible associations of single nucleotide polymorphisms in the HSP70 genes with some autoimmune diseases. However, whether HSP70 polymorphisms represent a risk factor for pemphigus foliaceus (PF) is still unkown.
__label__0, This chapter provides an overview of the key aspects of fungal single cell protein (SCP) production, consumption and marketing, presents the most up to date developments of this interdisciplinary field, and discusses the future prospects of fungal SCP. Substitution of animal products by foods of plant origin is not totally exempt from these dangers, as the use of pesticides or the appearance of carcinogens, such as nitrosamines have already been reported in the past. SCP products for animal and human nutrition are safer in this respect, since the components from which, they are produced are easily controlled, and their genetic background is well known. They represent a line of non-conventional substitutes, which will continue to have a market for these reasons. The continued research on the production of microorganisms for animal and human consumption will undoubtedly find application in the future. This research should also incorporate the development of recombinant strains from nonconventional GRAS (Generally Regarded as a Safe) yeasts and fungi.
__label__0, Second harmonic generation (SHG) microscopy is a powerful tool for studying submicron architecture of muscles tissues. Using this technique, we show that the canonical single frequency sarcomeric SHG intensity pattern (SHG-IP) of premetamorphic xenopus tadpole tail muscles is converted to double frequency (2f) sarcomeric SHG-IP in metamorphic climax stages due to massive physiological muscle proteolysis. This conversion was found to rise from 7% in premetamorphic muscles to about 97% in fragmented muscular apoptotic bodies. Moreover a 66% conversion was also found in non-fragmented metamorphic tail muscles. Also, a strong correlation between predominant 2f sarcomeric SHG-IPs and myofibrillar misalignment is established with electron microscopy. Experimental and theoretical results demonstrate the higher sensitivity and the supra resolution power of SHG microscopy over TPEF to reveal 3D myofibrillar misalignment. From this study, we suggest that 2f sarcomeric SHG-IP could be used as signature of triad defect and disruption of excitation–contraction coupling. As the mechanism of muscle proteolysis is similar to that found in mdx mouse muscles, we further suggest that xenopus tadpole tail resorption at climax stages could be used as an alternative or complementary model of Duchene muscular dystrophy.
__label__0, In this paper we present a recurrent procedure to solve an inversion problem for monic bivariate Krawtchouk polynomials written in vector column form, giving its solution explicitly. As a by-product, a general connection problem between two vector column of monic bivariate Krawtchouk families is also explicitly solved. Moreover, in the non monic case and also for Krawtchouk families, several expansion formulas are given, but for polynomials written in scalar form.
__label__0, Several studies have demonstrated that reward from a human trainer can be a powerful feedback signal for control-learning algorithms. However, the space of algorithms for learning from such human reward has hitherto not been explored systematically. Using model-based reinforcement learning from human reward, this article investigates the problem of learning from human reward through six experiments, focusing on the relationships between reward positivity, which is how generally positive a trainer's reward values are; temporal discounting, the extent to which future reward is discounted in value; episodicity, whether task learning occurs in discrete learning episodes instead of one continuing session; and task performance, the agent's performance on the task the trainer intends to teach. This investigation is motivated by the observation that an agent can pursue different learning objectives, leading to different resulting behaviors. We search for learning objectives that lead the agent to behave as the trainer intends.
__label__0, As major components of red blood cell (RBC) cytoskeleton, spectrin and F-actin form a network that covers the entire cytoplasmic surface of the plasma membrane. The cross-linked two layered structure, called the membrane skeleton, keeps the structural integrity of RBC under drastically changing mechanical environment during circulation. We performed force spectroscopy experiments on the atomic force microscope (AFM) as a means to clarify the mechanical characteristics of spectrin–ankyrin interaction, a key factor in the force balance of the RBC cytoskeletal structure. An AFM tip was functionalized with ANK1-62k and used to probe spectrin crosslinked to mica surface. A force spectroscopy study gave a mean unbinding force of ~ 30 pN under our experimental conditions. Two energy barriers were identified in the unbinding process. The result was related to the well-known flexibility of spectrin tetramer and participation of ankyrin 1–spectrin interaction in the overall balance of membrane skeleton dynamics.
__label__0, This chapter discusses laser techniques and their applications. The applications of picosecond pulse techniques run a wide range of diversity. Chemists are studying photochemical reactions and energy relaxation processes in molecules. Biologists are investigating fundamental biological processes on a picosecond time scale, which provides new understanding in such areas as vision and photosynthesis. Physicists have opened an entirely new area of nonlinear optics: the study of matter with intense optical fields. Short optical pulses provide a unique means of supplying high-peak-intensity optical fields with the least energy to minimize catastrophic material failure. This chapter covers the present state of the art in generation of short optical pulses and some techniques for their application to measurements of ultrafast phenomena. It deals with several methods of laser spectroscopy that allow an investigator to study material excitations with energies ≥ 50,000 cm–1, the low-energy cutoff for the vacuum ultraviolet (VUV) region of the spectrum. The chapter analyzes the question of multiphoton processes and resonant enhancement. Methods of generating VUV by optical sum mixing are discussed, followed by a description of the use of this generated VUV light for spectroscopic studies. The subject of multiphoton absorption and ionization spectroscopy, which access states ≥ 50,000 cm–1 above the ground state, is also discussed.
__label__0, This review is aimed at discussing placental dysfunction in obesity and its clinical implication in pregnancy as well as an antenatal surveillance strategy for these women. Maternal obesity is associated with adverse perinatal outcome. Obesity is an independent risk factor for fetal hyperinsulinaemia, birthweight and newborn adiposity. Maternal obesity is associated with childhood obesity and obesity in adult life. Obesity induces a low-grade inflammatory response in placenta, which results in short- and long-term programming of obesity in fetal life. Preconception and antenatal counselling on obstetrics risk in pregnancy, on diet and lifestyle in pregnancy and on gestational weight gain is associated with a better outcome. Fetal growth velocity is closely associated with maternal weight and gestational weight gain. Careful monitoring of gestational weight gain and fetal growth, and screening and management of obstetrical complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, improves perinatal outcome. The use of metformin in non-diabetic obese women is under investigation; further evidence is required before recommending it.
__label__0, In the past decade, there have been great advances in the controllable growth of two-dimensional (2D) graphene sheets. However, the preparation of 3D structured graphene such as graphene coatings on arbitrary-shaped micro/nano materials still remains a formidable challenge. Herein, we have proposed a general strategy for the in situ growth of 3D graphene coatings on the micro/nano particles with arbitrary shapes. Inspired by the CVD growth mechanism of 2D graphene sheets on the bulk metal substrates, we have in situ constructed a nanometer-thick catalytic interface on the micro/nano particle surface by introducing a trace amount of transition metal salts and solid carbon sources with strictly-controlled content and ratio. Growth of 3D graphene coatings is accomplished through a solid-state reaction. Under the catalysis of the in situ formed catalytic interface consisting of highly-ordered metal nanoislands, the nano-thick amorphous carbon layer which arousing from the pyrolysis of carbon sources can be effectively transformed into a continuous and uniform graphene coating throughout the material surface based on a “dissolution–precipitation” mechanism. 3D graphene coatings have been successfully grown on lithium iron phosphate, silver, copper and silicon particles. The growth mechanism of the 3D graphene coatings has been studied in detail and a growth model is also proposed.
__label__0, We examined effects of adding brief (1 second) lags between trials in a task designed to study errors in interrupted sequential performance. These randomly occurring lags could act as short breaks and improve performance or as short interruptions and impair performance. The lags improved placekeeping accuracy, and to interpret this effect we developed a cognitive model of placekeeping operations, which accounts for the effect in terms of the lag making memory for recent performance more distinct. Self-report data suggest that rehearsal was the dominant strategy for maintaining placekeeping information during interruptions, and we incorporate a rehearsal mechanism in the model. To evaluate the model we developed a simple new goodness-of-fit test based on analysis of variance that offers an inferential basis for rejecting models that do not accommodate effects of experimental manipulations.
__label__0, Hydrophobic interaction chromatography (HIC) is one of the most frequently used purification methods in biopharmaceutical industry. A major drawback of HIC, however, is the rather low dynamic binding capacity (DBC) obtained when compared to e.g. ion exchange chromatography (IEX). The typical purification procedure for HIC includes binding at neutral pH, independently of the proteins nature and isoelectric point. Most approaches to process intensification are based on resin and salt screenings.
__label__0, Composites in automotive structures show great promise to further improve vehicle crashworthiness. However, designing automotive structures for crash with advanced composite materials is challenging. The large amount of design parameters for laminated composites, the complex non-linear material behavior and the discontinuous design space in vehicle design, such for crashworthiness, are the main contributors to this challenge. In this paper, we propose a new design strategy to address this and integrate advanced laminated composite materials in automotive design for crashworthiness. First a computationally efficient physical surrogate is introduced to predict the structural validity of the design options and filter the design space. Secondly a method is introduced which uses Sobol decomposition to derive a design parameter importance hierarchy. Thirdly the physical surrogate is used to derive parameter bounds to increase robustness. A typical S-rail benchmark has been developed to confirm the usefulness of the proposed method. Finally the method provides for a reduced and robust design space which may help to decrease early development time.
__label__0, Aflatoxins are a family of toxic secondary metabolites produced by certain strains of the common molds Aspergillus flavus and A. parasiticus. The general biosynthetic pathway of aflatoxin appears to be as follows: acetate/malonate norsolorinic acid → averantin → averufin → versiconal hemiacetal acetate → versicolorin A → sterigmatocystin → aflatoxins. Within the context of this general pathway, some mechanistic details concerning formation and subsequent conversion of these individual metabolites have been provided by NMR studies-in particular, 13C-NMR. The chapter focuses on the studies that have provided information concerning bonds broken and formed during the biosynthetic process. The preliminary data on toxicity and mutagenicity indicate that the evolution of the aflatoxin pathway may be a response to selective pressures from mycophagous species in nature. Because of the abundant biosynthetic data and the availability of blocked mutants, this system may be uniquely suited among micrcbial secondary pathways for testing this ecological hypothesis.
__label__0, Providing access to computers with high-speed Internet connectivity is a central mission of public libraries in the United States. One pertinent, currently unanswered question is whether library Internet access leads to increasing residential broadband adoption rates in the communities that the libraries serve. This paper uses simple county-level regression analysis to document a positive association between a higher number of libraries and household broadband adoption rates as of 2013—but only in rural areas. This correlation does not imply causation, however. A propensity score matching technique is used to demonstrate that counties with libraries that aggressively increased their number of Internet-accessible computers between 2008 and 2012 did not see measurably higher increases in their rates of residential broadband adoption. These findings lend themselves to future research questions including how to appropriately measure broadband ‘adoption’ outside of the home and methods for engaging library patrons that ultimately encourage residential broadband adoption.
__label__0, The biomarkers soluble ST2 (sST2), galectin-3, and growth-differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15) provide prognostic information in patients with heart failure (HF). The aim of this study was to evaluate to which extent plasma concentrations of these biomarkers are increased in HF compared with diverse non-cardiac conditions such as infectious disease or chronic kidney disease.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the synthesis and reactivity of high-nuclearity carbonyl clusters (HNCC). The chapter defines HNCC as homo- or heteronuclear carbonyl clusters of transition and main group metals containing five or more metal atoms, each of which is linked to the metal core by at least one M—M bond. The chapter discusses the chemistry of the HNCC in terms of reaction type rather than metal by metal. All the HNCC that have been characterized to date by X-ray crystallographybare listed in a table together with the methods used for their synthesis and references to their spectroscopic data. Synthetic methods used for the preparation of HNCC may be classified in to two broad categories, depending on whether or not they involve the use of redox conditions; they are—syntheses not involving redox conditions and syntheses requiring reducing or oxidizing conditions. The synthesis of HNCC by redox condensation involves the reaction of an anionic mononuclear or polynuclear carbonyl species with a neutral, cationic, or even anionic fragment. A relatively small number of HNCC have been synthesized by oxidation of other carbonyl clusters. The oxidation reactions of a number of large carbide clusters have been found to provide relatively selective synthetic routes to clusters of reduced nuclearity. Oxidation of HNCC often results in cluster fragmentation or, as a consequence of redox condensation. X-Ray diffraction has often been successful in the determination of hydrogen atom position in HNCC hydrides.
__label__0, Coffee consumption is associated with a significant decreased risk of CVD and a decreased risk of preeclampsia, however the mechanism behind this relationship is unknown. Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is an endogenous inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase and metabolized primarily by the enzyme DDAH1. ADMA is an independent risk factor of CVD among low-, medium- and high-risk patients, and significantly elevated in hypercholesterolemia and preeclampsia. The focus of this study was to investigate if caffeine treatment affects circulating levels of ADMA and vascular function in the hypercholesterolemia apo E−/− mouse, which is known to have elevated ADMA.
__label__0, Tras una referencia general a los traumatismos que acaecen durante el embarazo y, en particular, a los traumatismos pélvicos, se hace hincapié en los traumatismos que ocasionan fractura del anillo pélvico durante la gestación. Se señala que dichas fracturas se asocian con una alta tasa de mortalidad materna y una mayor tasa de mortalidad fetal.
__label__0, This study is about different approaches to assessing Problem Solving Competency (PSC) applied in international large-scale assessments: Analytic Problem Solving (APS) and Interactive Problem Solving (IPS). Based on a university student sample (n = 339) and a high-school student sample (n = 577) we found that both approaches are highly interrelated in both samples, even after controlling for reasoning (R2 = .33 to .52) indicating that both approaches address a common core of PSC. However, our results also indicate that unique aspects of APS and IPS (beyond each other and reasoning) are explanatory for school achievements in the high-school student sample. However, in the university student sample, only APS has a unique contribution to explaining school achievements (beyond IPS and reasoning) and our findings indicate, that APS – and not interactivity itself – may explain the incremental validity of IPS (beyond reasoning) reported in previous studies. Implications for problem solving research and educational practice are discussed.
__label__0, We present a quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) sensor integrated with microfluidic multi-stream solution control for a variety of analysis applications, including improved studies of mineralization kinetics. The cost-effective assembly of this device and functionality of the QCM crystal in situations of rigid and viscoelastic mass loading are demonstrated. The significant advantage of this system is the control of solution mixing on-chip through the use of laminar parallel-flow which creates a liquid–liquid reaction interface at the QCM sensor. This shows improved sensor response times, due to laminar flow, of 105 Hz/min compared to 19 Hz/min for turbulent mixing in a bulk solution flow cell. This device adds to the current real-time mass measurements obtained from traditional QCM by allowing for simultaneous optical microscopy. The combination of QCM mass analysis, optical microscopy, and laminar parallel-flow to achieve a liquid–liquid reaction interface provides an analytical system well suited for the study of controlled mineralization. The microfluidic solution flow decreases non-specific mineralization and offers significant experimental control.
__label__0, The objective in this study was to evaluate the effects of substituting high oil corn (HOC) for typical corn (TC) on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality, and longissimus muscle (LM) fatty acid profile of Nellore steers fed diets containing different amounts of corn. Forty-eight individually fed Nellore steers (441±32 kg initial body weight) were allocated by body weight to four pens equipped with electronic gates in a randomized complete block design with six treatments in a 2×3 factorial arrangement of treatments, with two corn types (CT) and three corn levels (CL). Treatments consisted of diets containing 25, 40, or 55% TC or HOC on a dry matter (DM) basis. Animals were confined for 84 days so that DM intake and average daily gain (ADG) were measured individually. After the feedlot period, animals were slaughtered at a commercial slaughterhouse, carcass characteristics were evaluated, and LM samples were collected for further analyses of meat quality and fatty acid profile. Statistical analyses were conducted using the MIXED procedure of SAS. No differences among CL and CT were observed for DM intake, metabolizable energy intake, gain to feed ratio, and dietary net energy for maintenance and gain. Steers receiving HOC had greater ADG in comparison with those fed TC when CL was 25%, but no differences were observed when CL was 40 or 55%. Cooking loss and LM redness were linearly decreased (P ≤ 0.05) with the increasing CL. No effects of CL and CT were observed for any other carcass characteristics and meat quality variables. The LM proportions of stearic, linolenic, and total omega-6 fatty acids, as well as omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids ratio (n-6:n-3), were linearly increased (P≤0.04) as CL increased, whereas conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) proportions showed a quadratic response (P<0.01) to corn inclusion, with lower values observed for steers fed 40% corn. Longissimus muscle proportions of myristic and palmitic acids were decreased (P≤0.02), whereas proportions of CLA, total omega-6, and total polyunsaturated fatty acids, as well as n-6:n-3, were increased (P≤0.04) when TC was replaced with HOC. In conclusion, replacing TC with HOC in the diets of Nellore steers fed different corn levels had no effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics, and meat quality, but improved LM fatty acid profile, which suggests that the produced beef might be healthier for consumers.
__label__0, In this study we have tracked glycogen and glycoprotein flux associated with nutrient uptake into trophoblast in early deciduochorial and later haemochorial placenta.
__label__0, This paper develops a three-dimensional spatially distributed model of brain cellular metabolism and investigates how the locus of the synaptic activity in reference to the capillaries and diffusion affects the behavior of the model, a type of analysis which is impossible to carry out in spatially lumped models, which are shown to be consistent spatially averaged approximations of the distributed model. To avoid a geometrically detailed modeling of the complex structure of the tissue consisting of different cell types and the extracellular space, the distributed model is based on a novel multi-domain formulation of reaction–diffusion equations, accounting also for separate mitochondria. The model reduction relating the spatially distributed model and lower dimensional reduced models, including the well-mixed spatially lumped compartment model, is carefully explained. We illustrate the effects of losing the spatial resolution with a computed example which is based on a reduced one-dimensional distributed radial model, and look into how the model behaves when the locus of the synaptic activity in reference to the capillaries is changed. By averaging the fluxes and concentrations in the distributed radial model to correspond to quantities in a lumped model, and further by estimating the parameters in the lumped, we conclude that varying the locus of the synaptic activity in reference to the capillaries alters significantly the lumped model parameters. This observation seems to be consequential for parameter estimation procedures from data when the spatial resolution is insufficient to determine the locus of the activity, indicating that the model uncertainty is an inherent feature of lumped models.
__label__0, Cu2ZnSn(SxSe1−x)4 nanocrystals have been successfully synthesized by a novel two-step route involving a solvothermal reaction of Cu2ZnSnSe4 and a sulfurization post-annealing. The Se2− is gradually replaced by the S2− to form the CZTSSe solid solutions with a tetragonal structure when increasing the sulfurization time. The A1 Raman modes of CZTSSe display a typical two-mode behavior, revealing that S composition plays an important role on tuning the vibrating modes. The optical band gap becomes large gradually from 0.91 to 1.30 eV with increasing S content from 0 to 0.76. CZTSSe nanocrystals derived from this method can be used as low-cost absorber layer for photovoltaic applications.
__label__0, The two main directions to improve traffic flows in networks involve changing the network topology and introducing new traffic control measures. In this paper, we consider a co-design approach to apply these two methods jointly to improve the interaction between different methods and to get a better overall performance. We aim at finding the optimal network topology and the optimal parameters of traffic control laws at the same time by solving a co-optimization problem. However, such an optimization problem is usually highly non-linear and non-convex, and it possibly involves a mixed-integer form. Therefore, we discuss four different solution frameworks that can be used for solving the co-optimization problem, according to different requirements on the computational complexity and speed. A simulation-based study is implemented on the Singapore freeway network to illustrate the co-design approach and to compare the four different solution frameworks.
__label__0, In this paper, laminar mixed convection of non-Newtonian nanofluids in a square lid-driven cavity in the presence of a vertical magnetic field has been analyzed by Finite Difference Lattice Boltzmann Method (FDLBM). The cavity is filled with water and nanoparticles of copper (Cu) while the mixture shows shear-thinning behavior. This study has been conducted for the certain pertinent parameters of Richardson number (Ri = 0.001–1), power-law index (n = 0.2–1), and the volume fraction from φ = 0 to 0.09. Results indicate that the augmentation of Richardson number decreases heat transfer. The fall of the power law index declines heat transfer for different studied Richardson numbers. The addition of nanoparticle augments heat transfer for multifarious studied parameters although the effect of nanoparticle on the enhancement of heat transfer varies in different power-law indexes. The magnetic field declines heat transfer generally and also changes the effect degree of nanoparticles on the increase in heat transfer.
__label__0, Operating room surgery scheduling deals with determining operation start times of surgeries on hand and allocating the required resources to the scheduled surgeries, considering several constraints to ensure a complete surgery flow, the resource availability, and specialties and qualifications of human resources. This task plays a crucial role in providing timely treatments for the patients while ensuring the balance in the hospital’s resource utilization. By observing similarities between operating room surgery scheduling and a multi-resource constraint flexible job shop scheduling problem (FJSSP) in manufacturing, this article proposes an Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) approach to efficiently solve such surgery scheduling problems based on the knowledge gained in FJSSP. Numerical experiments are performed on five surgery test cases with different problem sizes and resource availability. The performance of the ACO algorithm was compared against schedules generated by a discrete event system simulation model built in SIMIO on five test cases. The results showed a superior performance of ACO in makespan, overtime, and the variation coefficient of working time.
__label__0, ZnS nanoparticles were synthesized mechanochemically by high-energy milling. In order to investigate influence off milling time to sample properties, samples were produced in three different milling times (5 min, 10 min and 20 min). The morphology of samples has been investigated by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and high resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM). X-ray diffraction (XRD) investigation of synthesized nanocrystals identified cubic structure. From XRD, ZnS size of crystallites was estimated as 1.9 nm (after 5 min milling time), 2.3 nm (10 min) and 2.4 nm (20 min), implying that we are in strong confinement regime. The optical properties were studied by Raman spectroscopy, in spectral region 100–500 cm−1, excitation source was 514.5 nm (EL = 2.41 eV), which means that we are in off resonant regime. Dominant spectral structures, of comparable intensity, are registered in spectral region 130–180 cm−1, around 265 cm−1 and around 345 cm−1. First two are assigned as second-order ZnS modes. A theoretical model of continuum medium was used to calculate frequencies of the confined optical phonons in ZnS. Satisfactory agreement with experimental results was found and mode at 345 cm−1 is assigned as LO type phonon confined in ZnS nanocrystal.
__label__0, Flower-like VS2 was prepared by a simple one-step hydrothermal strategy. A highly sensitive and label-free electrochemical aptasensor was developed by employing self-assembly of DNA aptamers on flower-like VS2, graphene and Au nanoparticles (AuNPs)-modified glassy carbon electrodes. Avian influenza virus H5N1 gene sequence was chosen as the target DNA and [Fe(CN)6]3−/4− solution was used as the electrochemical indicator. AuNPs were coated onto VS2-graphene modified electrode and used as a platform for the immobilization of the aptamers. This VS2-graphene composite offered a nanostructure with a large effective surface area, highly electrocatalytic activities and electronic conductivity. Therefore, the amount of aptamer immobilized onto the electrode was increased while the accessibility of the detection target was maintained. The decrease in the peak current was linear with the logarithm of the concentration of the H5N1 specific sequence from 5.0 × 10−13 to 5.0 × 10−10 M (R = 0.9912) with a detection limit of 5.2 × 10−14 M. The proposed method also showed acceptable stability and reproducibility. This work provides a promising immobilization strategy for the fabrication of biosensors and offers an alternative and sensitive method for DNA detection.
__label__0, Apoferritin is a versatile platform for encapsulating a variety of materials, such as inorganic particles and metal complexes, in its nanocavity. However, loading apoferritin with rare earth metal complexes has been less studied, let alone investigating the binding effect of rare earth metal complexes on iron mineralization in apoferritin. In this work, a new cationic Dy(III) complex, [Dy(NO3)(H2O)(tmp)2](NO3)2 (tmp = trimethylolpropane), was synthesized and subsequently loaded in apoferritin. The binding of the Dy(III) complex to apoferritin inhibited iron mineralization, a plausible explanation being that the early recognition of Fe2+ at the ferroxidase sites was disrupted as a result of the binding of the Dy(III) complex.
__label__0, La identificación de levaduras se basa en el estudio de las características morfológicas, bioquímicas y nutricionales, y en la utilización de métodos moleculares. La espectrometría de masas matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-fligh (MALDI-TOF) constituye un nuevo método de identificación de microorganismos que ha demostrado gran utilidad. Nuestro objetivo ha sido evaluar este nuevo método en la identificación de levaduras.
__label__0, This chapter presents a brief introduction to the book, Studies in Natural Products Chemistry, volume 27, which discusses the chemistry of several classes of natural products. The book reviews the present state of knowledge of sweet-tasting and sweetness-modifying constituents of plants. Some of these highly sweet natural products have been already marketed as sweetners or flavoring agents in some countries. The book presents an overview of chemical responses to plant injury and plant aging. Interest in sialic acid chemistry is growing, particulariy because of its role in the regulation of a number of important biological processes. Quaternary benzo[c]phenanthridine alkaloids (QBA) are bright-colored compounds that are interesting both for their chemistry and their biological activities. The book discusses some aspects of the chemistry of these compounds.
__label__0, Cytokine-induced antiapoptotic inhibitor 1 (CIAPIN1) was recently identified as an essential downstream effector of the Ras signaling pathway and has been confirmed to be closely associated with various malignant tumors. However, its potential role in regulating breast cancer metastasis remains unclear. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are a broad family of zinc-biding endopeptidases that participate in the extracellular matrix (ECM) degradation that accompanies cancer cell invasion, metastasis and angiogenesis. In this study, we found up-regulation of CIAPIN1 by lentiviral expression vector inhibited the migration, invasion and MMPs expression of MDA-MB-231 cells. Further, CIAPIN1 over-expression decreased NHE1 (Na+/H+ exchanger 1) expression and ERK1/2 phosphorylation. Importantly, treating CIAPIN1 over-expressed MDA-MB-231 cells with the NHE1 specific inhibitor, Cariporide, further inhibited the metastatic capacity, MMPs expression and phosphorylated ERK1/2. Treatment with the MEK1 specific inhibitor, PD98059, induced nearly the same suppression of CIAPIN1 over-expression-dependent migration, invasion and MMPs expression as was observed with Cariporide. Further, Cariporide and PD98059 synergistically suppressed migration, invasion and MMPs expression of CIAPIN1 over-expressed MDA-MB-231 cells. Thus, our results revealed the mechanism by which CIAPIN1 targeted NHE1 to mediate migration and invasion of MDA-MB-231 cells through regulation of MMPs via ERK1/2 signaling pathway.
__label__0, Anodic oxidation of 1-(trifluoromethyl)benzene in dry acetonitrile/Bu4NBF4 under constant potential conditions led to 2-(trifluoromethyl) acetanilide in 86% yield. Other experimental conditions, as the use of constant current or the change in the supporting electrolyte were considered.
__label__0, The aim of this work is to study the influence of rotational speed on the formation of friction stir processing (FSP) zone in commercial pure copper at low-heat input conditions. The experiments were conducted using K-type thermocouples to record the peak temperature history at different locations on the workpiece. The results suggest that the temperature achieved during processing plays an important role in determining the microstructure and properties of the processed metal. FSP produced very fine and homogenous grain structure and it is observed that smaller grain size structure is obtained at lower rotational speed whereas a tunnel defect was formed at lower speed of 250 rpm. It is also observed that the hardness of the processed copper depends strongly on the heat input during FSP. Tensile tests were carried out and the tensile strength of the FSPed samples was compared to that of the base metal. For a successful FSP at low-heat input condition, the minimum rotational speed was found to be 350 rpm.
__label__0, Sucrose isomerase (SIase) is the key enzyme in the enzymatic synthesis of isomaltulose. Mesoporous titanium dioxide (M-TiO2) and ε-poly-l-lysine-functionalized M-TiO2 (EPL-M-TiO2) were prepared as carriers for immobilizing SIase. SIase was effectively immobilized on EPL-M-TiO2 (SI-EPL-M-TiO2) with an enzyme activity of 39.41 U/g, and the enzymatic activity recovery rate up to 93.26%. The optimal pH and temperature of immobilized SIase were 6.0 and 30 °C, respectively. SI-EPL-M-TiO2 was more stable in pH and thermal tests than SIase immobilized on M-TiO2 and free SIase. Km of SI-EPL-M-TiO2 was 204.92 mmol/L, and vmax was 45.7 μmol/L/s. Batch catalysis reaction of sucrose by SI-EPL-M-TiO2 was performed under the optimal conditions. The half-life period of SI-EPL-M-TiO2 under continuous reaction was 114 h, and the conversion rate of sucrose after 16 batches consistently remained at around 95%, which indicates that SI-EPL-M-TiO2 has good operational stability. Thus, SI-EPL-M-TiO2 can be used as a biocatalyst in food industries.
__label__0, Three-dimensional direct numerical simulations (DNS) have been performed on a finite-size hemisphere-cylinder model at angle of attack AoA = 20° and Reynolds numbers Re = 350 and 1000. Under these conditions, massive separation exists on the nose and lee-side of the cylinder, and at both Reynolds numbers the flow is found to be unsteady. Proper orthogonal decomposition (POD) and dynamic mode decomposition (DMD) are employed in order to study the primary instability that triggers unsteadiness at Re = 350. The dominant coherent flow structures identified at the lower Reynolds number are also found to exist at Re = 1000; the question is then posed whether the flow oscillations and structures found at the two Reynolds numbers are related. POD and DMD computations are performed using different subdomains of the DNS computational domain. Besides reducing the computational cost of the analyses, this also permits to isolate spatially localized oscillatory structures from other, more energetic structures present in the flow. It is found that POD and DMD are in general sensitive to domain truncation and non-educated choices of the subdomain may lead to inconsistent results. Analyses at Re = 350 show that the primary instability is related to the counter-rotating vortex pair conforming the three-dimensional afterbody wake, and characterized by the frequency St ≈ 0.11, in line with results in the literature. At Re = 1000, vortex-shedding is present in the wake with an associated broadband spectrum centered around the same frequency. The horn/leeward vortices at the cylinder lee-side, upstream of the cylinder base, also present finite amplitude oscillations at the higher Reynolds number. The spatial structure of these oscillations, described by the POD modes, is easily differentiated from that of the wake oscillations. Additionally, the frequency spectra associated with the lee-side vortices presents well-defined peaks, corresponding to St ≈ 0.11 and its few harmonics, as opposed to the broadband spectrum found at the wake.
__label__0, La régulation de la pression artérielle dépend de plusieurs structures dont le cortex insulaire. Certaines études expérimentales ont suggéré l’existence d’une latéralisation du contrôle de la fonction cardiovasculaire.
__label__0, The problem of drawing a planar graph often arises in applications, including the design automation of VLSI circuits. This chapter discusses algorithms to draw a plane graph by straight line segments. Some planar graphs can be drawn in such a way that all the face boundaries are convex polygons. Such a drawing is called a convex one. Although not every planar graph has a convex drawing, Tutte proved that every 3-connected planar graph has a convex drawing, and established a necessary and sufficient condition for a planar graph to have a convex drawing. Moreover, a “barycentric mapping” method for finding a convex drawing, which requires solving a system of O(n) linear equations is presented. The system of equations can be solved in O(n3) time and O(n2) space using the ordinary Gaussian elimination method, or in O(n1.5) time and O(n log n) space using the sparse Gaussian elimination method. Thus, the barycentric mapping method leads to an O(n1.5) time convex drawing algorithm. The chapter presents two linear algorithms for the convex drawing problem of planar graphs: drawing and testing algorithms.
__label__0, Insect fouling from coagulated hemolymph and exoskeleton parts is a major challenge in the aerospace industry for the next generation of aerodynamic surfaces, which will employ laminar flow that requires extremely smooth surfaces. However, the wetting physics and dynamics of hemolymph (insect blood) on surfaces are not well understood. The present study seeks to gain a fundamental insight on the effect of surface wetting characteristics and dynamics resulting from a hemolymph drop impact, the first such study. In particular, hemolymph drops extracted from Acheta domesticus were dispensed from a range of heights to vary the kinetic impact on surfaces, which had widely varying water wetting behavior (from superhydrophilic to superhydrophobic). The impact dynamics were investigated with high-speed imaging while the dried residues were studied with optical microscopy. It was found that a superhydrophobic surface (based on thermoplastic with silica nano-particles) was able to significantly reduce hemolymph drop spreading, and even provide complete rebound when impacting on inclined surfaces.
__label__0, Multiferroic Gd, Mn co-doped BiFeO3 (BFO)/CoFe2O4 (CFO) heterostructure film has been deposited by the chemical solution deposition on a FTO/glass substrate. The influence of CoFe2O4 layer and (Gd, Mn) co-substitution on multiferroic properties of the heterostructure film was investigated. The XRD and SEM results reveal that the well double-layer heterostructure film is obtained. It is found that (Gd, Mn) co-substitution induces a structural transformation in the BFO layer. Compared with BFO/CFO, (Gd, Mn)-BFO/CFO film presents highly enhanced ferroelectric properties and dramatically reduced leakage current. In addition, the ferromagnetism of the (Gd, Mn)-BFO/CFO is dominated by the CFO layer, meanwhile the (Gd, Mn)-BFO layer also promotes the ferromagnetic properties of the heterostructure. The obtained Gd, Mn-BFO/CFO heterostructure film simultaneously exhibits remarkable ferroelectricity (2Pr ∼ 165 μC/cm2) and ferromagnetism (Mr ∼ 55.0 emu/cm3) at room temperature.
__label__0, The main goal of this paper was to analyze the influence of lamination process conditions and High Temperature Co-fired Ceramic (HTCC) tape composition on the lamination quality (existence of delaminations). The second aim was to estimate the influence of lamination conditions and HTCC tape composition on three process outputs: compressibility, surface roughness and density of High Temperature Co-fired Ceramics and to recognize if these outputs can be useful from lamination quality investigation point of view. The bonding quality was investigated using scanning acoustic microscopy (SAM). The analyzed ceramics was fabricated using water based slurries in the frame of tape casting process. The paper additionally discusses limitations and drawbacks of the used investigation methods and experiment design.
__label__0, The purpose of this papar is to discuss a computer modal devedoped for simulating the movement of graundwater through porous media. The movement is simulated in terms of its two components: advection and hydrodyaynamic dispersion. Advection is a purely translational movemeat directly related to the graundwater' movemeat due to dispersion is too aomplex to anallyze numarically and instead is modaled using a Monte-carlo simulation technique. This permits calibrating the dispersion component by verying the statistical parameters in the model.
__label__0, Periosteal osteosarcoma is defined by the World Health Organization as an intermediate-grade, malignant, cartilaginous, and bone-forming neoplasm arising on the surface of bone. Unlike other subtypes of osteosarcoma, no data have been published about mouse double minute 2 (MDM2) and cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4) expression. For this reason, we evaluated the molecular and immunohistochemical features of MDM2 and CDK4 in 27 cases relative to 20 patients with a diagnosis of periosteal osteosarcoma, surgically treated at the Rizzoli Institute between 1981 and 2014. When possible, these results were compared with the MDM2 amplification status as determined by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). All but 1 case (26/27, 96.3%) were negative for MDM2 protein using immunohistochemistry both in primary and in recurrent periosteal osteosarcoma, whereas gene amplification of MDM2 was not detected in any tumor analyzed (10 cases). The positive immunohistochemical case shows a weak/moderate focal nuclear expression of MDM2 antibody in the prevalent cartilaginous component and in the spindle cells of peripheral fibroblastic areas associated with osteoid production in a primary periosteal osteosarcoma. CDK4 immunohistochemical expression was negative in all 27 cases. This retrospective analysis has demonstrated that MDM2 and CDK4 are very rarely expressed in primary and recurrent periosteal osteosarcomas and therefore do not appear to be molecules central to the control of cancer development, growth, and progression in periosteal osteosarcoma. Therefore, when compared with low-grade central and parosteal osteosarcomas, MDM2 and CDK4 markers cannot be used diagnostically to differentiate this subtype of osteosarcoma.
__label__0, We evaluated magnesium rich epoxy polyamide primers under different environmental exposure conditions. The purpose was to highlight differences in deterioration of these types of coatings as a function of exposure condition. We compared data for samples under constant immersion in dilute Harrison's solution (DHS-CI) to identical samples exposed to 90% relative humidity (90% RH). EOCP, XPS and SEM analysis of the coatings supported our findings that the samples under DHS-CI undergo rapid dissolution and deterioration compared to the 90% RH samples. The difference was that the latter were able to form carbonate corrosion products, which are known to provide additional passivating protection.
__label__0, A radiation code based on the meshless Natural Element Method (NEM) for spatial discretization and on the Discrete Ordinates Method (DOM) for angular discretization of radiative transfer equation was developed for realistic calculation of the radiative heat transfer in two-dimensional complex geometries containing real gases with non-gray behavior (namely mixtures of H2O, CO2 and N2). The spectral line-based weighted-sum-of-gray-gases (SLW) model was used to calculate the radiative properties of the medium. The boundaries are assumed to be opaque, diffuse and gray. The shape functions in the NEM are constructed by interpolations from the natural neighbors, and the essential boundary conditions can be imposed directly. The predictive accuracy of the proposed method is assessed by applying it to five test problems and comparing its predictions with other numerical solutions reported in the literature. The predictions are also compared with those of the gray gas model. A good agreement was observed between the results of the NEM/DOM/SLW method and other numerical methods, and it is shown that the natural element method has good accuracy, and can be used for the solution of radiative heat transfer problems in irregular enclosures containing non-gray media.
__label__0, This chapter describes secoberbine alkaloids, secophthalideisoquinoline alkaloids, secobisbenzylisoquinoline and secodimeric isoquinoline alkaloids, secobenzophenanthridine alkaloids, and secocularine and secoquettamine alkaloids. The chapter presents two criteria of classifying alkaloids as secoisoquinolines: chemical and biogenetic. The chemical criterion requires a structural relationship to the classic isoquinoline alkaloids clearly indicating that the secobases are formed as a result of oxidative degradation of the latter. Because, not enough bisosynthetic investigations in vivo is carried out, the fact that these bases occur in the same plants as their cyclic precursors is assumed to meet the biogenetic criterion. The alkaloids are organized into six groups beginning with the most numerous secoberbines and secophthalideisoquinolines and ending with secoquettamines. For each group a concise compilation of their structural, physical, and spectral data and their synthesis and transformations are provided. Cularine and quettamine alkaloids are postulated to be biogenetically derived from tetraoxygenated and trioxygenated benzyltetrahydroisoquinilines, respectively, by intramolecular oxidative coupling.
__label__0, Surface registration is often performed as a two step process. A feature matching scheme is first adopted to find a coarse initial alignment between two meshes. Subsequently, a refinement step, which usually operates in the space of rigid motions, is applied to reach an optimal registration with respect to pointwise distances between overlapping areas. In this paper we propose a novel technique that allows to obtain an accurate surface registration in a single step, without the need for an initial motion estimation. The main idea of our approach is to cast the selection of correspondences between points on the surfaces in a game-theoretic framework, where a natural selection process allows matching points that satisfy a mutual rigidity constraint to thrive, eliminating all the other correspondences. This process yields a very robust inlier selection scheme that does not depend on any particular technique for selecting the initial strategies as it relies only on the global geometric compatibility between correspondences. The practical effectiveness of the approach is confirmed by an extensive set of experiments and comparisons with state-of-the-art techniques.
__label__0, An increasing number of studies have focused on the phenomenon that mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) activates innate immunity responses. However, the specific role of mtDNA in inflammatory lung disease remains elusive. This study was designed to examine the proinflammatory effects of mtDNA in lungs and to investigate the putative mechanisms. C57BL/6 mice were challenged intratracheally with mtDNA with or without pretreatment with chloroquine. Changes in pulmonary histopathology, cytokine concentrations, and phosphorylation levels of p38 MAPK were assayed at four time points. In in vitro experiments, THP-1 macrophages were pretreated or not pretreated with chloroquine, TLR9 siRNA, p38 MAPK siRNA, or SB203580 and then incubated with mtDNA. The levels of cytokines and p-p38 MAPK were detected by ELISA and Western blot, respectively. The intratracheal administration of mtDNA induced infiltration of inflammatory cells, production of proinflammatory cytokines (including IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α), and activation of p38 MAPK. The chloroquine pretreatment resulted in an abatement of mtDNA-induced local lung inflammation. In vitro experiments showed that the exposure of THP-1 macrophages to mtDNA also led to a significant upregulation of IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α and the activation of p38 MAPK. And these responses were inhibited either by chloroquine and TLR9 siRNA or by SB203580 and p38 MAPK siRNA pretreatment. The intratracheal administration of mtDNA induced a local inflammatory response in the mouse lung that depended on the interactions of mtDNA with TLR9 and may be correlated with infiltrating macrophages that could be activated by mtDNA exposure via the TLR9–p38 MAPK signal transduction pathway.
__label__0, Individuals who sustain fragility fractures are at high risk of refracture. However, osteoporosis treatment rates remain low for these patients. Therefore, we aimed to assess the performance and cost-effectiveness of introducing a fracture liaison service (FLS) into a tertiary hospital. In “nonhospitalized” ambulatory patients who had sustained fragility fractures, we assessed baseline osteoporosis investigation and treatment rates, and subsequently, the impact of introducing an orthopedic osteoporosis policy and an FLS. Outcomes measured were uptake of osteoporosis intervention, patient satisfaction, and quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) gained. QALYs were calculated over 5 years using predicted fracture risks without intervention and estimated fracture risk reduction with intervention. At baseline (n = 49), 2% of ambulatory patients who had sustained fragility fractures underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and 6% received osteoporosis-specific medication. After introduction of an osteoporosis policy (n = 58), 28% were investigated with DXA (p < 0.0001). However, treatment rates were unchanged. An FLS was introduced, reviewing 203 new patients over the inaugural 2 years (mean age [standard deviation], 67 (11) years; 77% female). All underwent DXA, and criteria for osteoporosis and osteopenia were identified in 44% and 40%, respectively. Osteoporosis medications were prescribed to 61% patients (risedronate: 22%, alendronate: 16%, strontium ranelate: 13%, zoledronic acid: 8%, other: 2%). Eighty-five of 90 questionnaire respondents were very satisfied or satisfied with the FLS. With the treatment prescribed over 5 years, we conservatively estimated that this FLS would reduce nonvertebral refractures from 59 to 50, improving QALYs by 0.054 and costing $1716 per patient (incremental cost-effectiveness ratio: $31749). This FLS model improves uptake of osteoporosis intervention guidelines, is popular among patients, and improves cost-effectiveness. Thus, it has the capacity to substantially improve health in a cost-effective way.
__label__0, In this work, a truly three-dimensional (3D) flux solver is presented for simulation of inviscid compressible flows. Like the conventional multi-dimensional gas-kinetic scheme, in the present work, the local solution of 3D Boltzmann equation at the cell interface is used to evaluate the flux. On the other hand, different from most of the existing gas-kinetic schemes, which are constructed from Maxwellian distribution function, the present flux solver is derived from a simple distribution function defined on the spherical surface in the phase velocity space. As a result, the explicit expression of flux vector at the cell interface can be simply given. Since the simple distribution function is defined on the spherical surface, for simplicity, it is termed as sphere function hereafter. In addition, to simulate fluid flow problems with strong shock waves, the non-equilibrium part of the distribution function is regarded as numerical dissipation and involved in evaluating the inviscid flux at the cell interface. The weight of the non-equilibrium part is controlled by introducing a switch function which ranges from 0 to 1. In the smooth region, the switch function takes a value close to zero, while around the strong shock wave, it tends to one. To validate the proposed flux solver, several transonic, supersonic and hypersonic inviscid flows are simulated. Numerical results showed that the present solver can provide accurate numerical results for three-dimensional inviscid flows with strong shock waves.
__label__0, Recent data suggest that intensified antimicrobial treatment may improve the outcome of tuberculous meningitis (TBM). Considering that drug exposure is the intermediate link between dose and effect, we examined the concentration–response relationship for rifampicin and moxifloxacin in TBM patients. In an open-label, phase 2 clinical trial performed in Indonesia (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01158755), 60 TBM patients were randomised to receive standard-dose (450 mg oral) or high-dose rifampicin (600 mg intravenous) plus either oral moxifloxacin (400 mg or 800 mg) or ethambutol (750 mg). After 14 days, all patients continued with standard tuberculosis treatment. Pharmacokinetic sampling was performed once in every patient during the first three critical days. Differences in exposure between patients who died or survived were tested with independent samples t-tests. The relationship between drug exposure and mortality was examined using Cox regression. Compared with patients who died during the 2 weeks of intensified treatment, surviving patients had significantly higher rifampicin plasma AUC0–6 h, plasma Cmax and CSF Chighest. Additionally, patients had a 32–43% lower relative likelihood of dying with an interquartile range increase in rifampicin exposure. Moxifloxacin exposure did not show a clear relationship with survival. From exposure–response curves, a rifampicin plasma AUC0–6 h of ∼70 mg·h/L (AUC0–24 h of ∼116 mg h/L) and a Cmax of ∼22 mg/L were deduced as minimum target values for treatment. A strong concentration–effect relationship was found, with higher rifampicin exposure leading to better TBM survival. The current treatment dose of rifampicin is suboptimal; higher doses of rifampicin should be evaluated.
__label__0, In 2008, the primary energy consumption (excluding biomass energy) of buildings throughout China was nearly one fifth of China's total energy consumption. In addition to the fact that buildings consume such a large fraction of primary energy, recent data indicates that building energy consumption is increasing, especially in urban residential buildings. In order to achieve a good balance between investment costs, energy consumption, and indoor environment quality, various parameters relating to the design of high rise residential buildings were chosen. The influences of these parameters on energy demands for heating and cooling in each Chinese climate zone were studied. Simulations showed that for each climate zone improvement of the three most sensitive design parameters resulted in the following maximum total energy demand reductions: 75 kW h/(m2 a) in the severe cold zone, 40 kW h/(m2 a) in the cold and the hot summer and cold winter zones, 50 kW h/(m2 a) in the hot summer and warm winter zone, and 35 kW h/(m2 a) in the mild zone. Although more comfortable indoor temperatures will result in higher heating and cooling loads, by improving the building envelope design, the energy demand associated with the increased heating and cooling loads can be lowered.
__label__0, Les nécroses cutanées sont d’origines multiples. Elles sont le plus souvent distales, mais peuvent toucher tous les sites.
__label__0, Genotyping Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) data of a diploid genome aims to assign the zygosity of identified variants through comparison with a reference genome. Current methods typically employ probabilistic models that rely on the pileup of bases at each locus and on a priori knowledge.
__label__0, Integrative Oncology when combined with conventional care can be effective and reduce adverse symptoms of cancer and its treatment. The purpose of this exploratory study was to explore whether individualized acupuncture given to cancer patients at a Brazilian hospital improved symptoms and wellbeing.
__label__0, An analysis of the particulate processes during crystallization of zeolites from hydrogels showed a self-preserving of particulate properties at any stage of the crystallization. This phenomenon, known as the gel “memory effect” is closely related with the autocatalytic nucleation of zeolites. An equation, which shows that crystal size distribution of the crystalline end product, does not depend on the crystallization conditions for a constant number and distribution of nuclei in the gel matrix, is developed. In this work, the consequence of the gel “memory effect” on the controlling of the particulate processes/properties during hydrothermal crystallization of zeolites was shown.
__label__0, Two new coordination polymers, [Zn2(cptpy)2Cl2]n·0.5nH2O (1) and [Cd2(cptpy)4]n·3.5nH2O (2) (Hcptpy = 4′-(4-carboxyphenyl)-4,2′:6′,4″-terpyridine), were synthesized under hydrothermal conditions and characterized by elemental analysis, IR and single crystal X-ray diffraction. Compound 1 shows a new two-fold interpenetrating 3-connected 2D framework with the hcb topological net and the Schläfli symbol of 63. Compound 2 displays a two-fold interpenetrating (4,4)-connected 2D framework with the sql topological net and the Schläfli symbol of {44 · 62}. Interestingly, compounds 1 and 2 were obtained in the similar reaction conditions. The structural diversity of compounds 1 and 2 may illustrate the marked effect of the metal ion of the reaction solution. Additionally, photoluminescence properties of compounds 1–2 have been investigated.
__label__0, Many trials on Internet-delivered psychological treatments have had problems with nonadherence, but not much is known about the subjective reasons for non-adhering. The aim of this study was to explore participants' experiences of non-adherence to Internet-delivered psychological treatment. Grounded theory was used to analyze data from seven in-depth interviews with persons who had non-adhered to a study on Internet-delivered cognitive behavioral therapy for generalized anxiety disorder. The process of non-adherence is described as an interaction between patient factors and treatment factors. A working model theory was generated to illustrate the experience of nonadherence. The model describes a process where treatment features such as workload, text-content complexity and treatment process don't match personal prerequisites regarding daily routines, perceived language skills and treatment expectations respectively, resulting in the decision to nonadhere. Negative effects were also stated as a reason for non-adherence. Several common strategies used for increasing adherence to Internet-delivered therapy in general are by these non-completers regarded as factors directly related to their reason for non-adherence.
__label__0, This study sought to compare the influence of the extent of multidetector computed tomography (MDCT) area oversizing on the incidence of paravalvular aortic regurgitation (PAR) between the Sapien 3 and the Sapien XT transcatheter heart valve (THV) to define a new MDCT sizing guideline suitable for the Sapien 3 platform.
__label__0, UK-based AFC Energy has signed a Project Development Agreement with two South Korean partners, Samyoung Corporation and Changshin Chemical Co, for the deployment of an initial 50 MW of alkaline fuel cell generation capacity in the northwestern Korean port of Daesan.
__label__0, Seven new carbazole alkaloids, claulansines L-R (1–7), and six known analogues (8–13) were isolated from the stems of Clausena lansium. Their structures were elucidated on the basis of spectroscopic analyses, including UV, IR, and NMR experiments (HSQC, HMBC, and NOE experiment). Compound 7 showed moderate anti-inflammatory activities. Compounds 3, 5, 6, 8, and 12 exhibited moderate hepatoprotective activities.
__label__0, The ground state structures of first- and second-order inverse sandwich (MIS-I and MIS-II) complexes (M-(C4H4-M)n, n = 1 and 2) of Mg and Ca have been found to be singlet diradical while the third-order complexes MIS-III (n = 3) are pure triplet. The second hyperpolarizability of the open-shell singlet complexes MIS-I and MIS-II are predicted larger than the analogs triplets. The magnitude of second hyperpolarizability enhances on replacing Mg with Ca metal atom. The larger second hyperpolarizability of MIS-I compared to that of MIS-II of the same metal may be attributed to the intermediate singlet diradical character of the former.
__label__0, The launching of Microsoft Kinect with skeleton tracking technique opens up new potentials for skeleton based human action recognition. However, the 3D human skeletons, generated via skeleton tracking from the depth map sequences, are generally very noisy and unreliable. In this paper, we introduce a robust informative joints based human action recognition method. Inspired by the instinct of the human vision system, we analyze the mean contributions of human joints for each action class via differential entropy of the joint locations. There is significant difference between most of the actions, and the contribution ratio is highly in accordance with common sense. We present a novel approach named skeleton context to measure similarity between postures and exploit it for action recognition. The similarity is calculated by extracting the multi-scale pairwise position distribution for each informative joint. Then feature sets are evaluated in a bag-of-words scheme using a linear CRFs. We report experimental results and validate the method on two public action dataset. Experiments results have shown that the proposed approach is discriminative for similar human action recognition and well adapted to the intra-class variation.
__label__0, Different approaches to Rhizobium improvement, based on application of traditional genetic methods, genetic engineering and breeding of host plants, are shown.
__label__0, This paper aims to illustrate how fruitful insights into the link between school teaching practice and student learning outcomes can be theoretically grounded by the variation theory from the field of phenomenography; and from this framework demonstrate how a ‘pedagogy of awareness’ can be implemented in the classroom. In this study, five teachers and 162 students at Primary Four level of school education in Hong Kong participated and the practice of the ‘learning study’ was adopted. Within this approach the teachers worked out a shared lesson plan, which was implemented in five different classrooms. All of the lessons were videotaped and subsequently analysed. Pre- and post-tests were administered to complement the evaluation of student learning. By comparing the results of the pre- and post-tests significant gain was observed in the students’ learning outcomes. The findings contribute knowledge to how the variation theory can be put into classroom practice and how a ‘pedagogy of awareness’ grounded on a classroom-based theory of learning can be implemented. The notion of a ‘pedagogy of awareness’ was introduced as consisting of three dynamically linked elements: variation in students’ ways of experiencing the object of learning, variation in teachers’ ways of experiencing the object of learning, and the use of variation as a pedagogical tool to enhance students’ learning. It promotes the ‘mutual awareness’ between teachers and learners by creating appropriate space of learning that makes learning possible.
__label__0, This chapter discusses a method that has been developed for the reproducible isolation of different oxidized forms of glutathione peroxidase, which can be differentiated by their relative stability and by their reactivity with cyanide. The procedure is convenient for isolating substantial amounts of GSH-peroxidase from relatively small volumes of blood (1-2 liters), using conventional isolation procedures. The removal of hemoglobin is accomplished without the use of organic solvents. The sequence of operations is designed to eliminate the need for the concentration of the enzyme by ultrafiltration, a procedure that may cause extensive loss of activity. In the final stages of chromatography, the inclusion of 10% ethanol stabilizes the enzyme when it is in an oxidized form. The use of a continuous-flow rotor in the ammonium sulfate fractionation step has made it possible to obtain highly active enzyme with yields in the range of 60% or more. A second Sephadex G-150 chromatography following the hydroxyapatite chromatography gives a slightly purer form of enzyme. The ratio of enzyme activity to Se content attains a maximum early in the purification and then remains constant. This ratio provides a means of detecting the conversion of the enzyme to a form containing selenium in nonfunctional forms in the course of purification.
__label__0, In this paper, a Golay complementary training sequence (TS)-based symbol synchronization scheme is proposed and experimentally demonstrated in multiband orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (MB-OFDM) ultra-wideband over fiber (UWBoF) system with a variable rate low-density parity-check (LDPC) code. Meanwhile, the coding gain and spectral efficiency in the variable rate LDPC-coded MB-OFDM UWBoF system are investigated. By utilizing the non-periodic auto-correlation property of the Golay complementary pair, the start point of LDPC-coded MB-OFDM UWB signal can be estimated accurately. After 100 km standard single-mode fiber (SSMF) transmission, at the bit error rate of 1×10−3, the experimental results show that the short block length 64QAM-LDPC coding provides a coding gain of 4.5 dB, 3.8 dB and 2.9 dB for a code rate of 62.5%, 75% and 87.5%, respectively.
__label__0, The reductive amination of the natural product citronellal with ammonia is presented as a new and atom economic way to its primary amine derivatives. The aqueous ammonia phase contains the homogeneous catalytic system [Rh(cod)Cl]2/TPPTS in a biphasic solvent system, whereas the starting material and the products remain in the apolar solvent phase. This concept supresses side reactions effectively, achieving a high yield of primary amines of up to 87%. Systematic investigations demonstrate that the cleavage of the secondary imine as an undesired by-product is necessary in achieving high selectivites, which can be controlled by the reaction conditions. Surfactants, ionic liquids or native cyclodextrins and their derivates prove to be useful phase transfer agents for optimising the interaction between the organic and the aqueous phase. The use of the ionic liquid [DecMIM]Br and the cyclodextrin derivative methyl-β-cyclodextrin provided especially fast and accurate phase separation.
__label__0, What determines the choice of countries' trade partners? We show theoretically and empirically that financial market imperfections affect the number and identity of exporters' destinations. Bigger economies with lower trade costs are more attractive markets because they offer higher export profits. This generates a pecking order of destinations such that firms serve all countries above a cut-off level of market potential. Credit constraints, however, raise this cut-off above the first best. Financially more advanced nations thus have more trade partners and go further down the pecking order, especially in sectors that rely heavily on the financial system. Our results provide new, systematic evidence that countries follow a hierarchy of export destinations, that market size and trade costs determine this hierarchy, and that financial frictions interact importantly with it. This has policy implications for the effects of cross-border linkages that depend on the number and identity of countries' trade partners.
__label__0, Channel mismatches in time-interleaved analog-to-digital converters (TIADCs) typically result in significant degradation of the ADC's dynamic performance. Offset, gain, and timing mismatches have been widely investigated whereas nonlinearity mismatches have not. In this work, we analyze the influence of nonlinearity mismatches by using a polynomial model. As a cost measure we use the signal-to-noise and distortion ratio (SNDR) and then derive a compact formula describing the dependency on nonlinearity mismatches. Based on the spectral characteristics of the TIADCs, we propose a foreground estimation method and a compensation method using a cascaded structure of adders and multipliers. Through behavioral-level simulations, we prove the validity of the derivations and demonstrate that the proposed estimation and compensation method can bring a considerable amount of improvement in the combined TIADCs dynamic performance. The proposed method is efficient assuming that a smooth approximation of the nonlinearity mismatches is sufficient.
__label__0, Ultra-High Performance Fibre Reinforced Composites (UHPFRC) is a cementitious material showing relatively high tensile strength and significant tensile strain-hardening behaviour (given a certain volume of fibres). Adding a layer of UHPFRC or UHPFRC combined with steel rebars (R-UHPFRC) to structural members is an efficient method for strengthening of reinforced concrete structures. This paper presents empirical fatigue damage models for UHPFRC and R-UHPFRC. The tensile fatigue behaviour of UHPFRC is analysed based on elementary damage mechanics theory. Damage grows at a constant rate until fatigue fracture, which is considered to be due to the capacity of UHPFRC to redistribute local deformation increases. Difference in damage evolution between fatigue fracture tests and run-out fatigue tests is highlighted, and it is understood that when significant damage is caused in UHPFRC in the early stage of the fatigue life, UHPFRC fractures due to tensile fatigue. An average curve of damage evolution of fatigue fracture tests is proposed as a bi-linear damage evolution model of UHPFRC. The damage evolution model is used to determine the remaining fatigue life of UHPFRC by correlating the damage–fatigue strain relationship for UHPFRC. Considering that stress transfer from UHPFRC to steel rebars is characteristic of the R-UHPFRC tensile fatigue behaviour and is caused by fatigue damaging of the UHPFRC part, evolution of the modulus of deformation, i.e. the ratio of stress to strain of the UHPFRC part of the R-UHPFRC specimens is investigated. Among all the R-UHPFRC specimens similar behaviour is observed in the fatigue damaging curves of the deformation modulus of the UHPFRC part. An empirical relationship between the modulus of deformation of the UHPFRC part in the R-UHPFRC element and the number of fatigue cycles is proposed to characterise the R-UHPFRC tensile fatigue behaviour.
__label__0, The important task of replugging bad or missing cells with healthy seedlings in greenhouses is carried out by automatic transplanters. Grippers of such transplanters spend a considerable amount of time shuttling between the source and target trays during replugging. Therefore, work efficiency of transplanters can be significantly improved by tour planning. In this study, performances of the ant colony algorithm (ACA), the genetic algorithm (GA), and the common sequence method (CSM) in replugging tour planning were compared. Two types of seedling trays, with 50 and 200 cells, were used. The ACA and the GA were found to have more advantages than the CSM in total tour lengths for one tray. Moreover, the ACA performed better than the GA when the numbers of empty cells and healthy seedlings in the target and source trays, respectively, increased. When a 20 × 10 tray was used, the average length of the ACA decreased by 6000.9 mm compared with that of the GA and by 13058.4 mm compared with that of the CSM after finishing 40 empty cells in one tray. The average run times of the GA and the ACA in MATLAB (R2012a) were 0.32 and 0.94 s, respectively. These results meet real-time operation requirements.
__label__0, Singapore-based ‘green’ energy solutions company Cascadiant Energy has expanded its agreement with the Indonesian Agency for the Assessment and Application of Technology (BPPT). Cascadiant and BPPT have deployed the agency's first hydrogen fuel cell, which will serve as the commercial backup power source for the agency's data centre, as well as priming the agency's platform for expanding its fuel cell R&D programme.
__label__0, In this article, we provide a coalgebraic account of parts of the mathematical theory underlying context-free languages. We characterize context-free languages, and power series and streams generalizing or corresponding to the context-free languages, by means of systems of behavioural differential equations; and prove a number of results, some of which are new, and some of which are new proofs of existing theorems, using the techniques of bisimulation and bisimulation up to linear combinations. Furthermore, we establish a link between automatic sequences and these systems of equations, allowing us to, given an automaton generating an automatic sequence, easily construct a system of behavioural differential equations yielding this sequence as a context-free stream.
__label__0, Due to the furanocoumarin compounds in the fruit, the production and consumption of grapefruit have been affected in the past decades since the ‘grapefruit juice effect’ was declared. To provide elite germplasm and obtain knowledge for future citrus breeding programs, the contents of 4 furanocoumarin monomers (FCMs) in the juice sacs from 73 citrus germplasms were evaluated using ultra-performance liquid chromatography. 6′,7′-Dihydroxybergamottin and bergamottin were dominant in all the tested grapefruits, while there were some pomelos with dominant epoxybergamottin, and some with dominant 6′,7′-dihydroxybergamottin and bergamottin. The contents of FCMs were low or below detection in sweet oranges, mandarins, lemons and trifoliate oranges. The results also show that the dominant patterns of FCMs are genotype-related, and crossing and selection are effective approaches to alter FCM profiles in citrus breeding. Furthermore, the contribution of pomelo as a parent to grapefruit regarding their FCM profiles was discussed.
__label__0, To evaluate whether prefrontal cordance in theta frequency band derived from REM sleep EEG after the first week of antidepressant medication could characterize the treatment response after 4 weeks of therapy in depressed patients.
__label__0, Although the incidence of human rhinovirus (HRV) infection is highest in young, no study has yet been published concerning the types of HRV circulating in this population, the incidence of symptomatic infections due to the different types, or duration of shedding
__label__0, This paper deals with numerical investigations on second-order effects in slender RC columns reinforced by several steel sections, namely hybrid columns, subjected to combined axial load and uniaxial bending moment. A FE model is developed in which geometrical and material nonlinearities as well as the partial interaction effect between the steel profiles and the surrounding concrete are taken into account. This model is then used to perform an extensive numerical parametric study on the ultimate load of hybrid columns considering 1140 different data sets. The comparison between the results obtained with FE analysis and Eurocode simplified methods (moment magnification approach) shows that EC2 and EC4 methods give wide discrepancies where half of case-studies are unsafe. The aim of the paper is to extend the use of the Eurocode moment magnification method to slender hybrid column design. In this method, the second-order bending moment is calculated by multiplying the first-order one by a magnification factor k that depends on the flexural stiffness EI and the equivalent moment distribution. New expressions for the correction factors involved in the determination of the effective flexural stiffness EI are proposed and calibrated by the results of the extended parametric study with 2960 data sets. The comparison of the predictions given by the new expressions against the FE analysis shows that the proposed new expressions of correction factors for moment magnification method provides largely safe designs for slender hybrid columns.
__label__0, Bacterial DNA topoisomerases are unique in maintaining the DNA topology for cell viability. Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) DNA gyrase, a sole type II topoisomerase has a larger scope as a target for developing novel therapeutics. In this study, an effort was made towards the design and synthesis of benzothiazinone-piperazine hybrid analogues to obtain the possibility of it to lead development through the molecular hybridization technique.
__label__0, This paper studies the differences in fracture properties (stress intensity factors and energy release rates) of nanocomposites of thermosetting polymer EPON 862 and its nano-graphene reinforced counterparts. Extremely low (0.1 and 0.5) weight percent nano-graphene platelets were dispersed in EPON 862 matrix and compact tension (CT) fracture experiments were conducted under quasi static loading conditions using displacement control. Significant enhancements in fracture toughness (∼200%), and energy release rate (∼570%) respectively were observed for nano-graphene reinforced matrix for only 0.5 wt% of graphene platelets. Fractography analysis of the fractured CT specimens was used to qualitatively visualize and understand the mechanism(s) responsible for the enhancement in these properties using Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM). Evidence of crack deflection due to increased surface roughness, graphene platelet pullout and plastic deformation of the matrix causing filler-matrix debonding, was observed from SEM micrographs, caused by the addition of nano-graphene platelets (NGP). Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM) was also used to quantify the magnitude of surface roughness changes between the NGP reinforced and reinforced nano-composite samples, and correlate surface roughness changes due to crack deflection to increased fracture toughness.
__label__0, In this article the structure of any of the groups featuring in the title will be determined. As such, work of Bensaid, Lindenbergh, Sezer and van der Waall has been expanded.
__label__0, A series of novel composite anion exchange membranes for alkaline fuel cell were prepared by incorporating quaternized graphenes (QGs) into the chloromethylated polysulfone (CMPSU), and followed by quaternization and alkalization. The highly exfoliated quaternized graphenes (QGs) were obtained by epoxide ring opening reaction of APTES-functionalized graphenes (A-FGs) with glycidyltrimethylammonium chloride (GDTMAC). The influence of the content of QGs on the properties of the obtained composite membranes was studied. The results indicated that the QPSU−0.5%-QGs showed a 4-fold improvement in the bicarbonate conductivity than that of pristine QPSU membrane at 80 °C, and the QPSU−0.25%-QGs showed a 3-fold increase in Young׳s modules and tensile strength. The performance improvement of the membranes could be attributed to the formation of the interconnected transfer channels provided by the QGs and the excellent compatibility between QPSU and QGs. In addition, the good morphologies without phase separation, acceptable thermal properties, alkaline resistances and oxide stabilities, low water uptakes and swelling ratios were also presented in the composite membranes. Our study demonstrated that the incorporation of proper content of QGs into the polymer matrix to fabricate the composite membranes is a facile way to improve the properties of the anion fuel cell membranes, especially in the anion conductivity and mechanical property.
__label__0, The supersonic cluster beam deposition (SCBD) of titanium oxide nanoparticles is a versatile and effective bottom-up approach for the fabrication of nanostructured titanium dioxide (ns-TiO2) thin films; here we report on its application to the production of photoelectrodes for photoelectrochemical water splitting. The use of a cluster-assembled carbon (ns-C) thin film deposited by SCBD as a substrate layer for the titania nanoparticles deposition is also investigated and demonstrated to originate C:TiO2 nanocomposite photoelectrodes with increased surface roughness and more than four-fold enhanced IPCE (ca. 4.5% under monochromatic illumination at 330 nm employing KOH 1 M as aqueous electrolyte solution and without any external bias) compared to pure TiO2 photoelectrodes deposited by the same technique and featuring the same TiO2 thickness (ca. 250 nm). Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) has been used to correlate the increase of the IPCE to an optimized electrode structure, electrolyte accessibility and electric conductivity. These results are promising towards the practical use of nanoparticle-assembled materials and the improving of their properties.
__label__0, In this paper, two analytical methodologies based on the combination of dispersive liquid–liquid microextraction with inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry and laser-induced breakdown spectrometry, respectively, were evaluated for simultaneous preconcentration and detection of Cd, Co, Ni, Pb and Zn. The microextraction procedure was based on the injection of appropriate quantities of 1-undecanol and methanol into the sample solution containing the complexes formed between metal ions and 1-(2-pyridylazo) 2-naphtol (PAN). The main experimental factors affecting the complexation and the extraction of metals (pH, PAN concentration, salt addition and extractant solvent and disperser solvent volume) were optimized using a multivariate analysis consisting of two steps: a Plackett-Burman design followed by a Circumscribed Central Composite Design (CCCD). Under optimum microextraction conditions, the analytical features of the proposed methodologies were assessed. Accuracy was evaluated by analyzing two certified reference materials, yielding results in agreement with the certified values. Both methodologies were applied to the analysis of a number of beverage samples.
__label__0, In-situ recycling of pavement materials has become an increasingly important feature in the UK for the maintenance of highways. The concept of using the existing highway as a “linear quarry” from which roadstone aggregates can be reclaimed has gained favour for both environmental and economic reasons and has been the subject of a three year research programme at the Transport Research Laboratory (TRL). The project, which was sponsored by the Highways Agency, CSS (formerly the County Surveyors Society) and Colas Limited, addressed the use of the technique for the structural maintenance of roads carrying between 2.5 and 20 million standard axles (msa).
__label__0, Numerical simulations were performed to evaluate the roles of thermal expansion anisotropy and volumetric thermal expansion mismatch in the grain boundary microfracture of granite. The simulations employ a two-dimensional, plane stress model consisting of four hexagonal, thermally anisotropic grains embedded in an infinite, elastic, homogeneous, isotropic medium. The grains are allowed to have different volumetric thermal expansions and hydrostatic confining pressure was assumed. Simulations involved 1000 to 4000 four grain arrays in which mineralogies and thermal expansion tensor orientations were randomly assigned to each grain. Small initial grain boundary flaws, assumed to originate at triple-grain junctions, were allowed to shorten with confining pressure. Young's modulus was assumed to rise with pressure and fall with temperature. The simulations yield percentages of cracked facets as a function of pressure and temperature that allow us to model acoustic emission events and crack density counts obtained previously for Westerly granite.
__label__0, A new isothermal, isovolumetric model is proposed to describe the deformation of Avery Island rocksalt. It postulates the existence of internal variables that evolve during deformation and whose sum is the measured stress difference. The rate of change of each internal variable depends on the difference between hardening and recovery terms. As steady state is approached, these terms come into balance, and the rate of change of the internal variables approaches zero. We can not yet associate the internal variables with specific micro-mechanical mechanisms. However, the evolutionary nature of the model and the dependence of the calculated response rate on the difference between hardening and recovery are at least consistent with observations. Our model is based on two hypotheses:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, If no timely measures are taken to adapt Egyptian agriculture to possible climate warming, the effects may be negative and serious. Egypt appears to be particularly vulnerable to climate change because of its dependence on the Nile River as the primary water source, its large traditional agricultural base, and its long coastline, already undergoing both intensifying development and erosion. A simulation study characterized potential yield and water use efficiency decreases on two reference crops in the main agricultural regions with possible future climatic variation, even when the beneficial effects of increased CO2 were taken into account. On-farm adaptation techniques which imply no additional cost to the agricultural system, did not compensate for the yield losses with the warmer climate or improve the crop water-use efficiency. Economic adjustments such as the improvement of the overall water-use efficiency of the agricultural system, soil drainage and conservation, land management, and crop alternatives are essential. If appropriate measures are taken, negative effects of climate change in agricultural production and other major resource sectors (water and land) may be lessened.
__label__0, This article discusses non-fiscal policy options to reduce energy demand and the resulting environmental impacts, and it reviews experiences with these options to date. Such policies include accelerating technology development and demonstration, stimulating product demand via procurement policies, applying efficiency standards to information-poor end-use sectors, and encouraging utility energy-efficiency programs. Efforts to implement such measures are underway in several industrialised countries and have begun in developing countries.Increasing energy efficiency is an important area for near-term carbon emission reductions, and a key strategy for cost-effective mitigation of global climate change. However, little of the energy-efficiency potential identified by technical studies will be realised in the absence of policies to reduce barriers to energy-efficiency investments. Performance standards can overcome the lack of information on the part of energy users, while technology procurement helps overcome the view of manufacturers that introducing efficient products is risky.The effects of these policy options on product markets are characterised, showing the synergy between different instruments and their potential to create and transform markets for energy-efficient products, systems and services. The existence of such energy-efficiency markets can stimulate new progress and innovation, providing the conditions in which the continuous process of technical improvement is significantly accelerated.Most policy analysis and discussions regarding climate-change mitigation have centred on various forms of carbon emission taxes and to some extent on tradable emission offsets or permits. This article concludes with an examination of why non-fiscal options are mostly absent from energy-economic models and climate-change policy studies, and we suggest approaches to include them more fully in energy-policy analysis and implementation.
__label__0, This article describes the evolution of Personalized Nursing, a comprehensive nursing practice model of care. Findings from several nursing research studies contributed to the development of Personalized Nursing. The model includes a practice model of the art of nursing care based on nursing theory and a specific nursing process that directs nursing care delivery. The process of care delivery includes location of hard-to-reach clients; linkage to health care providers; integration of care among providers for clients diagnosed with HIV, mental illness, and substance abuse; and strategies to promote retention in health care. Use of Personalized Nursing is designed to assist clients to improve their well-being and increase positive health-related behaviors. Personalized Nursing has been used in urban landscapes to serve multiply diagnosed clients at risk for HIV infection. The model is currently being used in a study targeting multiply diagnosed women who are lost to follow-up from medical care.
__label__0, The self-care practice of HIV/AIDS patients has become an important topic to help HIV/AIDS patients maintain their maximum level of well-being in chronic illness management. This article presents a self-care outcomes model that is applicable to HIV/AIDS nursing practice and research, and it identifies attributes and outcomes related to HIV/AIDS patients’self-care. The self-care outcomes model was developed based on the Outcomes Model for Health Care Research and literature review. Key variables related to HIV/AIDS self-care were summarized and discussed based on nine dimensions: client inputs, client processes, client outcomes, provider inputs, provider processes, provider outcomes, setting inputs, setting processes, and setting outcomes. This article reveals that self-care in HIV/AIDS is complex and may be influenced by many factors relating to individual, family, and health care system. More research with advanced multivariate statistical models and randomized controlled trial design will help determine the effectiveness of selfcare strategies and interventions.
__label__0, Retaining subjects from disadvantaged populations in long-term studies is necessary to obtain highquality data. This article presents cumulative retention rates from a 5-year prospective cohort study, the Pediatric Pulmonary and Cardiovascular Complications of Vertically Transmitted HIV Infection study. It also presents results of a cross-sectional qualitative survey about factors that induced caregivers to stay in the study. Although the repeated study visits were long and uncomfortable, cumulative retention among the 298 HIV-infected children was 80%. Incentives considered important by the caregivers included phone contact with nurse coordinators, nurse coordinators accompanying the caregiver and child during visits, phone reminders for appointments, help with scheduling, meals and transportation, access to health care, and relationships with staff. Thus, the high follow-up rate was in part due to nurses’ efforts to reduce the study’s burden on the families, provide tangible and intangible incentives, and establish personal relationships with families.
__label__0, Most anticancer therapies exert their action by triggering programmed cell death (apoptosis) in cancer cells. The mitochondrial pathway of apoptosis is initiated by mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization, leading to the release of apoptogenic factors such as cytochrome c or Smac from the mitochondrial intermembrane space into the cytosol. Mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization is tightly controlled, for example by pro- and anti-apoptotic proteins of the Bcl-2 family. Recent evidence indicates that inhibition of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway by small-molecule PI3K
__label__0, Catalyst deactivation runs were carried out in a flow reactor using bitumen and its maltene fraction as feeds in heptane solvent. Catalytic activity tests, using a mixture of model compounds, were performed to evaluate hydrogenation and C−N hydrogenolysis activities both directly after the aging run and again after the same aged catalyst had been posttreated by extraction with chloroform and resulfided. Two types of carbonaceous deposits were identified on the aged catalysts. One type, deposits left on the catalyst directly after the aging run, contained relatively large amounts of polymer-like material and caused significant losses in catalyst surface area. Catalytic activity was best related to residual, unblocked surface area and some poisoned sites. The second type, deposits remaining after extraction of the aged catalyst, was typical of conventional coke and did not block any pores. Subsequent activity tests showed activities were related to catalyst coke content.
__label__0, The protective effects of stable nitroxides, as well as their hydroxylamine and amine precursors, have been tested in Chinese hamster V79 cells subjected to H2O2 exposure at fixed concentration or exposure to ionizing radiation. Cytotoxicity was evaluated by monitoring the viability of the cells assessed by the clonogenic assay. The compounds tested at fixed concentration varied in terms of ring size, oxidation state, and ring substituents. Electrochemical studies were carried out to measure the redox midpoint potentials. The studies show that in the case of protection against H2O2 exposure, the protection was determined by the ring size, oxidation state, and redox midpoint potentials. In general the protection factors followed the order nitroxides > hydroxylamines > amines. Both the six-membered ring nitroxides and substituted five-membered ring nitroxides were efficient protectors. For six-membered ring nitroxides, the compounds exhibiting the lowest midpoint potentials exhibited maximal protection. In the case of X-radiation, nitroxides were the most protective though some hydroxylamines were also efficient. The amines were in some cases found to sensitize the toxicity of aerobic radiation exposure. The protection observed by the nitroxides was not dependent on the ring size. However, the ring substituents had significant influence on the protection. Compounds containing a basic side chain were found to provide enhanced protection. The results in this study suggest that these compounds are novel antioxidants which can provide cytoprotection in mammalian cells against diverse types of oxidative insult and identify structural determinants optimal for protection against individual types of damage.
__label__0, The structure-based design, chemical synthesis, and biological evaluation of various ketomethylene-containing human rhinovirus (HRV) 3C protease (3CP) inhibitors are described. These compounds are comprised of a peptidomimetic binding determinant and an ethyl propenoate Michael acceptor moiety which forms an irreversible covalent adduct with the active site cysteine residue of the 3C enzyme. The ketomethylene-containing inhibitors typically display slightly reduced 3CP inhibition activity relative to the corresponding peptide-derived molecules, but they also exhibit significantly improved antiviral properties. Optimization of the ketomethylene-containing compounds is shown to provide several highly active 3C protease inhibitors which function as potent antirhinoviral agents (EC90 = <1 μM) against multiple virus serotypes in cell culture.
__label__0, The development of antimicrobial resistant pathogens in surgical patients is a significant problem, and infections caused by these organisms are associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Programs to prevent the spread of resistant organisms emphasize standard infection control practices and appropriate antibiotic prescribing practices. Antibiotic restriction and selective reporting of bacterial susceptibilities have had limited success in decreasing development of resistance, and are difficult to maintain effectively in the absence of widespread clinician acceptance. Potentially more promising are integrated decision support tools, which can support optimal antibiotic selection while preserving the sense of clinician autonomy. The use of antibiotic cycling programs for critically ill patients may be another approach to preserving the efficacy of the currently antimicrobial against the continued pressure of increasing bacterial resistance.
__label__0, The kinetics of the reaction of ferrous chelate of nitrilotriacetic acid (NTA) and gaseous oxygen were studied in a stirred-cell reactor. The initial concentration of ferrous chelate was 0.100 kmol/m3. Other reaction conditions include 293 < T < 333 K, 2 < pH < 10, and 20 < pO2 < 90 kPa. The structure of ferrous chelates as a function of temperature and pH was studied by potentiometric titrations. Under the conditions applied, the reaction rate appeared to proceed according to RO2 = k1,2CO2CFe(II)2 with = (1.4 ± 0.35) × 107 m6/mol2 s and Ea = 52.5 ± 1.4 kJ/mol for no excess NTA. In the presence of excess NTA, a double-coordinated ferrous species is produced, whose reactivity appears to depend on pH and NTA concentration. Due to undesired side reactions with ligand NTA, more oxygen disappears than expected from the conversion of ferrous chelate. If no excess ligand is present, the gas absorption rate is pH-dependent for pH ≤ 4. Excess ligand results in a pH-dependence over the entire pH-range studied. The observed regeneration rate as a function of pH can be explained from a more comprehensive model, accounting for complex chemical reaction, in parallel with interfacial mass-transfer limitations.
__label__0, A range of potential applications of electrical fields in the food industry has been investigated over the last decades. In this work the effect of electrical fields on mass transfer rates of cellular and hydrogel based foods was studied. Moderate Electrical Fields (MEF) of a continuous alternating current (50 Hz frequency) at fields up to 1400 v/m were used. Results demonstrated that both electrical fields and thermal treatment had an enhancing effect the extraction of betanin from beetroot. Placing the sample at a position perpendicular to the electrical field was found to have an enhancing effect on the extraction. Application of MEF also appeared to enhance the rate at which rhodamine6G absorbed to hydrogels set with ions, with mass transfer increasing with an increasing electrical field. No significant mass transfer enhancement was observed for hydrogels that do not set ionically (e.g. gelatin and albumen)
__label__0, For an accurate study of the martensite transformation in iron alloys it is necessary that the lattice orientation relationship be obtained from a single plate of martensite whose habit plane direction cosines are already known. Heretofore such observations have not been made for the {225}A, type martensite in iron alloys, but such an analysis is reported herein for an alloy, Fe-7.90 wt.% Cr-1.11 wt.% C, for which a habit plane approximately described by {449}A was observed. The theories of Bowles-Mackenzie and Wechsler-Lieberman-Read, which differ in the interpretation of the {225} transformation, were examined with these new experimental results. The WLR theory is in substantial agreement with the results, provided that the lattice invariant shear is assumed on the {011} plane of the martensite. The BM theory, allowing an isotropic interface dilation, provides an equally good description if the shear occurs on a {112}M, plane. In each case, the predicted shear direction is near the expected close-packed 〈111〉M direction. Some microscopic observations suggest that the interface plane may not be one of zero net distortion, as supposed by WLR and that a dilation in the interface appears reasonable. The significance of observed martensite side plates is discussed.
__label__0, Zinc single crystals oriented for basal glide were strained in tension-compression between the strain limits ± 1 per cent in order to determine the nature of the strain hardening under these conditions. At room temperature, rapid hardening occurs for only a few cycles, the rate becoming low and constant out to accumulated strains of more than 3000 per cent. At −52°C, strain hardening continues through 100 or more cycles (400 per cent total strain) and, under a favorable gripping arrangement, to an unusually high stress level of more than 5000 lb/in2. The curve shape is approximately linear, like that of a tensile hardening curve in the stress range where data for the latter exists, up to 500 lb/in2, and is insensitive to orientation. Above 2000 lb/in2, the hardening rate decreases, becoming essentially zero at the termination of the test. This result exhibits, for the first time, the existence of dynamic recovery in zinc at low temperature, showing that it occurs with great difficulty.
__label__0, The hfa (high frequency of aneuploidy) mutants of Aspergillus nidulans carry conditional lethal (temperature-sensitive) defects which cause an increased frequency of aneuploids to be produced amongst their asexual progeny. When examined microscopically, most of the mutants grew and divided their nuclei at restrictive temperature, albeit more slowly than the wild-type, and aneuploidy was not attributable to an obvious cell cycle lesion. Exceptions were hfaB3 and hfaL1 which exhibited defects in nuclear division, although neither mutant arrested at a specific point in the cell cycle. Cells carrying hfaB3 contained only a single enlarged nucleus which was often transected (’cut’) by the first septum and temperature-shift experiments showed that the mutation triggers aneuploidy by causing failure to properly exit mitosis. Although the hfaD1 mutant underwent nuclear division, it differed morphologically from wild-type by exhibiting a hyper-branching phenotype. The original hfaD1 isolate was shown also to carry a second unlinked mutation (designated hurA1) which confers resistance to hydroxyurea and partly alleviates the growth defects imposed by hfaD1.
__label__0, The majority of microbes living on forest trees are still unnamed and our knowledge of their species richness is vague. This paper describes the fungal diversity of the above ground parts of a 61 year old Norway spruce tree lacking visible signs of damage or disease. The problem involved with identification of the fungi to named species was circumvented by classifying them into operational chemotaxonomic units (OCTUs) by using their combined fatty acid and sterol profiles (FAST-profiles). The variation of these units was chosen to correspond to a within-species-variation determined for several morphologically defined taxonomic species occurring on Norway spruce. Ninety-nine OCTUs were identified from 666 fungal isolates obtained. Bacteria were found only occasionally from the inner bark samples (three isolates) and from needles (five isolates). Models describing the accumulation of OCTUs against the number of samples taken were used for extrapolation of the total number of fungal OCTUs in the above ground parts of the tree. Our results suggest that an undamaged, apparently healthy Norway spruce, harbours in its above ground parts nearly two hundred fungal species. The majority were estimated to be needle epiphytes. At the large forest area scale, the species richness may be one order of magnitude higher.
__label__0, Young rye seedlings (Secale cereale cv. Petkus) were grown for 12 or 18 din aerated nutrient solution. CO2-free air in light or in darkness induced stomatal opening. When light and CO2-free air were applied together, maximum stomatal opening was observed. Na+ channel inhibitor [3H]ouabain was taken up from nutrient medium and translocated into the leaves via the xylem sap. The presence of 10-5 M ouabain in the root medium for 20 h increased stomatal opening and transpiration rate. On the other hand, stomatal closing was not affected by the presence of ouabain. These results suggested that Na+ might play a role in stomatal movements.
__label__0, We prove a conjecture of Duke on the number of elliptic curves over the rationals of bounded height which have exceptional primes.
__label__0, The applications of 'coherent emission' to radioastronomical sources is discussed critically. The applications considered are electron cyclotron maser emission applied to certain solar and stellar radio emissions, pulsar radio emission, and suggested coherent emission from active galactic nuclei.
__label__0, Shoot-tip explants of evergreen azalea cv. Fuchsia grown on Anderson's medium and containing different cytokinins produced the highest proliferation rate on a medium containing thidiazuron (TDZ). TDZ concentrations ranging from 0.23 to 2.3 μM resulted in both good bud-break rate (4 to 5) and shoot quality (> 0.5 cm in length). Adding 2.3 μM zeatin to Anderson's medium containing 0.23 or 2.3 μM TDZ increased the number of axillary shoots/explant. However, increasing the zeatin concentration to 4.6 μM resulted in a reduced shoot proliferation rate. A medium containing 1.15 μM TDZ and 2.3 μM zeatin resulted in an 18-fold increase for 'Fuchsia' and a 9-fold increase for 'Hino Crimson' after 6 weeks of culture. It was found that explants grown on a half-strength Anderson's medium with 87.6 mM sucrose generally had better shoot proliferation rate and shoot quality than at higher ionic strength.
__label__0, Twelve new and known species of the genera Sabatieria,Cervonema, Paramesonchium, Hopperia and Dorylaimopsis and one new genus, Kenyanema aredescribed from the Indian Ocean and S. pisinna Vitiello,1970 from the Mediterranean Sea. Sabatieria lucia sp. n.is characterised by short but distinct inner and setiformouter labial sensilla and long (4–5 µm or 30–33% hd)cephalic sensilla; S. conicauda Vitiello, 1970, ischaracterised by tiny inner and outer labial sensilla andsetiform cephalic ones and short and thick cylindrical tail;Sabatieria pisinna is characterised by short innerand outer labial sensilla, setiform (3µm long) cephalicsensilla, multispiral amphids with 3.25–3.5 turns and a tailwhich is conical in the anterior 2/3 and posterior 1/3cylindrical; Cervonema tenuicauda Schuurmans Stekhoven,1950, is characterised by anterior sensilla in twocircles which are equal in length (3µm long), multispiralamphids with 3–4 turns and located at 1.5 times hd from theanterior end, simple spicules one abd long and 6–7 fineprecloacal supplements; Cervonema minutus sp. n.characterised by an extremely attenuated anterior end,spiral amphids with 4–5 turns (80–90% cbd) and short,simple spicules (0.8 abd long); Cervonema gourbaulti sp.n. characterised by long (4–5 µm) labialand cephalic sensilla, spiral amphids with 5–6 turns(73–88% cbd) and an elongate crenate terminal pharyngealbulb; Paramesonchium mombasi sp. n. characterised bylong labial (5 µm) and cephalic (21 µm) sensilla thatare close together and wide amphids (80–90% cbd); Kenyanema monorchis gen. et sp. n. characterised bya head region narrower than the rest of the body, fourcephalic sensilla (3 µm long) and spiral amphids with1.5–2 turns; Hopperia indiana sp. n. characterised byshort conical anterior sensilla, arcuatespicules that have a ‘velum’ and a gubernaculum with a longand sharp pointed apophysis; Dorylaimopsis coomansi sp.n. characterised by long (8–10µm) cephalic setae,cuticular punctation with lateral differention of irregularlyarranged dots at the pharyngeal region and 1–3longitudinal rows of dots posterior of the pharynx; spiculeswith a unique shape; Dorylaimopsis gerardi sp. n.characterised by short setiform labial and long (6–7 µm)cephalic sensilla, punctated cuticle with lateraldifferentiation of irregularly arranged dots at firstthen three or four irregularly arranged longitudinal rows atthe pharyngeal and tail regions and two regularly arrangedlongitudinal rows of dots on the rest of the body, aconico-cylindrical tail with a distinctly swollen tip;Dorylaimopsis variabilis sp. n. is characterised byshort labial and setiform cephalic sensilla (33–58% hd),multispiral amphids with three turns, cuticular punctationswith lateral differentiation of three longitudinalrows at the pharyngeal and tail regions and two longitudinalrows on the rest of the body, spicules that are thin andslightly arcuate. The position of S. pisinna accordingto the grouping of Platt, 1985 of Sabatieriaspp. is also discussed. Kenyanema monorchis representsthe first monorchic species in the family.
__label__0, This article first examines didactics from an epistemological perspective.Didactic analysis grasps knowledge as something circulated and/or transmitted. It is distinguished from sociological and psychological approaches to the learning act that legitimize the sociology of education, and from cognitive approaches.Modifying the learner's individual knowledge so that it conforms to institutional knowledge is a scholastic goal that, in our view, defines the field of didactic research.The second part of the article proposes answers to these questions: What is the status of the notions taught by the discipline? How are these notions constituted? What is the role of values and knowledge in school exercises and school goals? And what is to be understood by literary culture?
__label__0, This article analyzes sociopolitical influences in the construction of national didactic spaces. First, it provides a general framework of analysis. Second, it argues that Francophonie (the French-speaking countries and communities of the world collectively) constitutes geopolitical spaces sharing linguistic, cultural, economic and institutional constructions but that it is culturally and linguistically varied. This sociopolitical context gives rise to particular ideologies of language and to the consequent need for second/foreign language didactics. The examples of France and Quebec are used to show how contexts influence these didactics. Third, from the locus of professional associations, the paper shows empirically how geographic didactic clusters are both culturolinguistically colored and continentally influenced. It concludes that dealing with diversity (didactic diversity or linguistic and cultural diversity) is not an easy task: Both second/foreign language didactics and the constituent communities of Francophonie are searching for ways of being together in a postmodern world.
__label__0, The author presents a concept of the didactics of history, geography, and civics that seeks to link, through a single dynamic, the civic, political, and social goals of school knowledge with everyday classroom practice and pupils' learning. Two concepts occupy the heart of this construction: those of school disciplines and social representations. The concept of school disciplines addresses the fact that school knowledge is a creation of the school, designed to enable it to achieve the social goals it is assigned. A school discipline is thus a particular combination of goals, content (in the form of shared knowledge), methods, and practices. The concept of social representations is a tool serving to analyze knowledge as theories of the natural and social world, its production, and its reception by the different actors involved.
__label__0, The authors analyze the role and function of didactics in preservice teacher education as presented in official texts from the ministries of education of Québec and France. They identify the conceptions these texts convey about the ties between didactics and professional education and demonstrate the vulnerable and limited position of didactics in teacher education. In concluding, adopting a comparative approach, they highlight several convergent features of the two systems of teacher education as well as marked differences relating to training in didactics.
__label__0, The aim of the current research is to examine the ability of people to learn a computer system by exploration and to asses the efficacy of a user interface with properties that are supposed to support exploration. The study described in this paper used the think-aloud method to obtain detailed information about the goals of the user and their realization during the initial learning phase. The focus here will be on discussing the role of thinking aloud and reflection during performing complex cognitive activities. In one condition of the experiment described here an interface was used with exploration-supportive properties. In the other condition these properties were removed from the interface. Subjects (university students) solved a number of (e-mail) tasks with these interfaces, without training, and had to think aloud during the first half. After solving the tasks a knowledge test about the interface was presented. The results on the three kinds of measures (think aloud measures, task performance and performance on the knowledge test) broadly were in favor of exploration-supportive interface. In the discussion attention is paid to the positive influence of thinking aloud, probably occurring because subjects were encouraged to use the available information on screen in the exploration-supportive condition. The consequences and potential disadvantages of display-based, exploratory learning in relation to planning are also discussed.
__label__0, The technology of knowledge-based systems undoubtedly offers potential for educational modelling, yet its practical impact on today's school classrooms is very limited. To an extent this is because the tools presently used in schools are mostly rule-based expert system shells, which lack usability. We developed three alternative tools, using ideas from knowledge acquisition research, and compared their effectiveness to that of an established rule-based shell. Children working with the new tools produced higher quality models and developed more positive attitudes. We relate these findings to the forms of representation provided by the new tools and present evidence that modelling increases children's representational skill. We conclude that knowledge acquisition systems and alternative forms of representation can contribute to improved forms of knowledge-based modelling.
__label__0, This study examined learning in the domain of sentence parsing and syntax tree-diagram construction. The aim of the study was to assess whether subjects could learn ‘vicariously’ from recordings of interactions between a previous student and a tutor.Four intervention conditions and a control condition were compared. Subjects in a ‘dialogue’ group (DL) read printed tutorial notes and subsequently ‘vicariously’ viewed dynamic (animated) recordings of tree diagrams being constructed by a previous student in the presence of a tutor.The discourse (DI) condition was similar except that subjects viewed recordings of tree diagrams being constructed by a tutor who concurrently verbalised instructional discourse.In a third condition (DO), subjects viewed tree-diagram construction animation clips which were not annotated with either dialogue or discourse. In a linear text (LT) condition, subjects were given only printed tutorial notes. A control (CO) condition involved pre and post testing without any intervention.Results indicated that the dialogue condition was as effective as the discourse condition. This provides support for contention that ‘re-usable’ dialogue is a useful resource for the vicarious learner. Another finding was that un-annotated animated diagrams were surprisingly effective. Several reasons for their effectiveness are suggested from the literature on instructional animations.
__label__0, Specimens of mussels species Anodonta anatina, Unio pictorum, U. tumidus and surfical sediment samples were collected in the summers of 1994 and 1995 from twelve lakes in the Danube Delta, Romania. Whole mussel tissues were analyzed for metals (Ag, As, Cd, Co, Cu, Cr, Ni, Pb, Se and Zn), and sediment samples were subjected to weak acid extraction and to a sequential extraction procedure, and analyzed for Cr, Cu, Ni and Zn. Total mean Cu and Ag concentrations were statistically greater in Unio species than in Anodonta species, but other metal levels did not significantly differ between mussel species. There was a ten fold variation for Cd and Pb and five fold variation for Zn, Ag and Co concentrations in mussels among lakes. Mean concentrations of As, Cu, Se and Zn in mussel tissues varied two fold among lakes. Zn, Co and Cd concentrations in mussels were significantly negatively correlated with distance gradients from the origin of the Delta and with distance from main channels of the Danube. Other metal concentrations in mussels did not correlate with either distance gradient. Trace metal levels in mussel tissues were correlated with those in weak acid and in sequential extractions of sediment. Zn concentrations in the carbonate fraction was the best predictor of Zn concentrations in mussels. Cu and Ni levels in the organic matter and sulfide fraction were the best estimators of Cu and Ni concentrations in mussels.
__label__0, In this study we investigated the relative contribution of two main components often used in the instruction of arithmetic word problem solving to first-grade children and children with learning problems, external representation with manipulatives and formal mathematical representation with number sentences. Four computer aided treatments were developed along these dimensions. Furthermore, an assessment control group was formed.It was shown that performance improved significantly after treatment in comparison to the performance of the assessment control group. Comparison of the different training conditions showed that a number sentence treatment was the most effective training component. However, this effect was only present with the relatively high competent children and not with the relatively low performing children.
__label__0, The following account is a synthesis of current knowledge on the barbels/tentacles of an array of submammalian forms and for the first time compares and contrasts their structure and function. In addition, the extensive background information on the homology and phylogeny of these structures is reviewed and evaluated.
__label__0, In the United Kingdom the topic of the comparability of academicqualifications features prominently on the agenda in higher education. The papersummarises the debate and highlights key issues. It offers specific reflections on theexperience of one university as it seeks to address the topic of postgraduate qualifications,disentangle the many strands of a complex and multi-faceted set of questions and furtherstrengthen internal quality processes in order to meet the growing demands by external bodiesand interest groups.
__label__0, This study examined the effect of K (as K2SO4) supply on acid production under N2-fixing plants of lupin (Lupinus angustifolius L. cv. Gungurru) and clover (Trifolium subterraneum L. cv. Dalkeith) grown in a K-deficient soil with a low pH buffer capacity for 55 days in the glasshouse at 20/12 °C (day/night). Increasing K supply up to 240 mg K kg-1 soil markedly increased plant growth of both species but clover growth was more responsive than lupin. Growing plants for 55 days decreased soil pH by 0.65–0.85 units under lupin and 0.45–0.83 units under clover. The amounts of H+ produced per kg biomass (specific acid production) were the highest at the nil K supply, generally decreased with increasing K level up to 30 mg K kg-1 under lupin and up to 120 mg K kg-1 soil under clover and only slightly increased with further increasing K under lupin. Increasing K2SO4 supply proportionally increased plant uptake of K and SO 2-4  but generally decreased concentrations of Ca, Mg, Na, P and Cl. Specific acid production correlated well with concentrations of excess cations and ash alkalinity, and total acid production was strongly correlated with total excess cations and total ash alkalinity in plants. These relationships were not affected by K treatment and species. Specific acid production also correlated with plant Ca concentration but not with K concentration. In addition, lupin and clover extruded similar amounts of H+ per kg biomass produced. It is suggested that application of K2SO4 does not have a significant impact on acid production by lupin and clover.
__label__0, N‘-Methyl-N-(4-tert-butyl-1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyridine)thiourea, SDZ048-619 (1), is a modest inhibitor (IC50 = 180 μM) of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase (PDHK). In an optimization of the N-methylcarbothioamide moiety of 1, it was discovered that amides with a small acyl group, in particular appropriately substituted amides of (R)-3,3,3-trifluoro-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropionic acid, are inhibitors of PDHK. Utilizing this acyl moiety, herein is reported the rationale leading to the optimization of a series of acylated piperazine derivatives. Methyl substitution of the piperazine at the 2- and 5-positions (with S and R absolute stereochemistry) markedly increased the potency of the lead compound (>1000-fold). Oral bioavailability of the compounds in this series is good and is optimal (as measured by AUC) when the 4-position of the piperazine is substituted with an electron-poor benzoyl moiety. (+)-1-N-[2,5-(S,R)-Dimethyl-4-N-(4-cyanobenzoyl)piperazine]-(R)-3,3,3-trifluoro-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanamide (14e) inhibits PDHK in the primary enzymatic assay with an IC50 of 16 ± 2 nM, enhances the oxidation of [14C]lactate into 14CO2 in human fibroblasts with an EC50 of 57 ± 13 nM, diminishes lactate significantly 2.5 h post-oral-dose at doses as low as 1 μmol/kg, and increases the ex vivo activity of PDH in muscle, liver, and fat tissues in normal Sprague−Dawley rats. These PDHK inhibitors, however, do not lower glucose in diabetic animal models.
__label__0, The authors studied the effects of major depression on lymphocyte subsets by comparing depressed and matched control subjects in a population of HIV-seropositive outpatients not treated with antiretroviral therapy. Twelve patients with major depression, as determined by the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-III-R, were assessed in comparison with 15 matched nondepressed control subjects. Flow cytometric analysis of peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets together with immunological parameters were performed. In HIV-infected patients, major depression was significantly (P = 0.001) associated with a reduction in natural killer cell absolute count and percentage. This report suggests that depression may alter the natural killer cell population that provides a cytotoxic defense against HIV infection.
__label__0, The neodymium:yttrium aluminum garnet laser (Nd:YAG) produces an intense amount of irradiation when set at 100 W of total power output. The irradiation is easily transmitted through small quartz glass fibers that can be passed through the biopsy channel of most endoscopes. Noncontact or free fiber applications of lasers employ high-power outputs, whereas contact applications of laser energy are restricted to low-wattage output of the laser. Horses periodically develop a benign lesion referred to as a progressive ethmoid hematoma (PEH) that may fill the paranasal sinuses and can break through the ventral floor into the nasal passage. When this lesion originates from the nasal ethmoid turbinates, it can be removed by transendoscopic Nd:YAG laser photoablation. In the sinus form of PEH, the lesion first requires surgical removal, after which remnants are transendoscopically irradiated using laser technique. At NCSU College of Veterinary Medicine between 1986 and 1996, 41 horses received standing noncontact Nd:YAG laser treatment for PEH. In 70% of the cases, the treatment was successful in removing the entire lesion and/or eliminating any postsurgical remains or recurrences.
__label__0, The investigation of suspect toxicosis is one of the most complex diagnostic problems faced by equine practitioners, requiring a wide range of clinical skills. When poisoning occurs, there is often no clear evidence of exposure to a toxic agent. Establishing an accurate diagnosis of poisoning requires a systematic approach, beginning with a comprehensive history, followed by clinical examination of affected horses, clinical pathologic testing, postmortem examinations, and analytic toxicology testing. The diagnosis of potential toxicosis in performance horses especially in the racetrack environment presents unique challenges to the veterinarian. Economic concerns including wagering, competition, inflated animal values, and insurance issues combine to create a situation in which intentional poisonings using obscure toxicants and unusual routes of exposure may occur. Collection of an accurate history is frequently confounded under these circumstances. This problem, coupled with the wide range of potential malicious toxic agents available, reinforces the requirement to approach these cases in a thorough and systematic fashion. Throughout the investigative process, potential medicolegal issues should be kept in the forefront. Care must be taken to maintain complete and accurate medical records and to maintain chain of custody on all antemortem and postmortem samples submitted to the diagnostic laboratory, because suspicious or unexplained deaths frequently end up in court.
__label__0, With increased number of patients surviving on the long term, late effect after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation have become of major clinical importance. Among these late effect, second malignancies have increasingly been recognized in the recent years. It has been usual to divide the problem of secondary malignancies following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation into three groups, i.e. leukemia, lymphoma and solid tumors. Recent clinical and biological data on these three types of malignancies, occurring after allogeneic stem cell transplantation, are summarized in this review. We will focus here only on second malignancies after allogeneic stem cell transplantation with particular emphasis on recent development on the pathogenesis, and early diagnosis, and treatment of these transplant-related complications.
__label__0, Past and present funding of acupuncture research by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) is reviewed. Key events are noted that have impacted this funding, including the post-Cultural Revolution opening of China to the West and the discovery in Hong Kong of ear acupoints to treat substance abusers, both in the early 1970s; the creation of the NIH Office of Alternative Medicine (OAM) in 1992; the reclassifying of the acupuncture needle from a class III (investigational) to a class II (safe and effective) medical device by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1996; the NIH Consensus Development Conference on Acupuncture in 1997; and the congressionally-mandated upgrade of OAM to the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine (NCCAM) in 1999. A search of the CRISP database of NIH-funded research projects (from 1972 to 1999) for the topic `ACUPUNCTURE' produced 182 hits representing 79 separate projects. The distribution by year of these 79 grants, 35 prior to 1980, 38 post-1992, is seen as reflecting the influence of the above events. Among the 42 pilot projects initially funded by OAM, six were trials of acupuncture and an additional five were trials of other modalities of Oriental Medicine. Of the nine currently funded academically-based NCCAM Centers, seven include clinical trials of acupuncture, Chinese herbs or Qigong in their research plans. The OAM-initiated 1998 request for clinical trial pilot studies to develop improved methodology for acupuncture research resulted in seven funded projects. In fiscal year 1999, OAM/NCCAM funded a major trial of acupuncture for osteoarthritis, and a new group of Center grants was awarded.
__label__0, Among Western students and clinicians of Chinese medicine, the concept of peer review has become associated with specific aspects of academic and scientific writing that have immediate and obvious political and commercial consequences. For example, peer review is often discussed as if it were equivalent to a demand for randomized controlled clinical trials (RCT) or a specific approach to transparency in translation. While these are important issues, peer review is not a single specific practice but a philosophy indispensable to the traditional Western commitment to free expression. It is the critical means by which validity is assessed over time. It is necessary for the formation of consensus within any field. Peer access to information is also essential to recognizing the right of readers to know the sources and methods by which claims of value are made. Since a fundamental set of information needed for effective peer review can be described, the absence of uniform labels and formats is a significant lack that the Council of Oriental Medical Publishers (COMP) should address.
__label__0, Recent advances in tonometry have led to the development of a number of devices with differing clinical applications. Their role in cases of abnormal corneal thickness and surface irregularities is particularly important, as inaccurate estimation of the true intraocular pressure (IOP) in such cases may lead to suboptimal evaluation.
__label__0, To study the possibility of performing customized refractive surgery minimising the amount of ablated tissue without compromising visual quality.
__label__0, A concise review of relevant experimental observations and modeling of high-pressure trickle-bed reactors, based on recent studies, is presented. The following topics are considered:  flow regime transitions, pressure drop, liquid holdup, gas−liquid interfacial area and mass-transfer coefficient, catalyst wetting efficiency, catalyst dilution with inert fines, and evaluation of trickle-bed models for liquid-limited and gas-limited reactions. The effects of high-pressure operation, which is of industrial relevance, on the physicochemical and fluid dynamic parameters are discussed. Empirical and theoretical models developed to account for the effect of high pressure on the various parameters and phenomena pertinent to the topics discussed are briefly described.
__label__0, A growing number of structural neuroimaging studies have reported significant changes in gray matter density or volume and white matter microstructure in the adult human brain following training. Such reports appear consistent with animal studies of training-dependent structural plasticity showing changes in, for example, dendritic spines. However, given the microscopic nature of these changes in animals and the relatively low spatial resolution of MRI, it is unclear that such changes can be reliably detected in humans. Here, we critically evaluate the robustness of the current evidence in humans, focusing on the specificity, replicability, and the relationship of the reported changes with behavior. We find that limitations of experimental design, statistical methods, and methodological artifacts may underlie many of the reported effects, seriously undermining the evidence for training-dependent structural changes in adult humans. The most robust evidence, showing specificity of structural changes to training, task and brain region, shows changes in anterior hippocampal volume with exercise in elderly participants. We conclude that more compelling evidence and converging data from animal studies is required to substantiate structural changes in the adult human brain with training, especially in the neocortex.
__label__0, A lead compound which had sub-micromolar affinity for the rabbit NK1 receptor but negligible affinity for rat NK1 receptors, 3a, was discovered by directed screening. 2-Substitution in the ring of the benzylthiourea substituent in the initial lead was found to be important, and halogens (Cl, Br) in this position were found to improve affinity for the human receptor. The activity of a series of 2-halo-substituted benzylthioureas was then optimized by modification of the proline diphenylmethyl amide, guided by a simple conceptual model based on structural overlay between these early antagonists and NK1 selective peptides. In this way, aromatic amino acid amides were identified which had improved affinity with respect to the starting diphenylmethyl (DPM) amides. The first sub-nanomolar ligand for the human NK1 receptor which arose from this series, 4af, combined a 2-chlorobenzylthiourea unit with a 2-naphthylalanine amide. Contemporaneously it was discovered that the benzylthiourea unit could be simplified to a phenylthiourea providing that an appropriate 2-substituent was also incorporated. Combination of these two series gave 2-NO2 phenylthiourea analogues which led directly to the analogous urea, 5f (2-nitrophenylcarbamoyl-(S)-prolyl-(S)-3-(2-naphthyl)alanyl-N-benzyl-N-methylamide, SDZ NKT 343), a highly potent ligand for the human NK1 receptor (Ki = 0.16 nM). In addition to its high in vitro potency, 5f proved to be a potent orally active analgesic in guinea pig models of chronic inflammatory and neuropathic pain. The nature of the 2-aryl substituent was found to be critical for oral activity in this series. Clinical evaluation of 5f as a novel analgesic agent is currently underway.
__label__0, Reversal of the A-ring amide link in 1,2-dibenzamidobenzene 1 (fXa Kass = 0.81 × 106 L/mol) led to a series of human factor Xa (hfXa) inhibitors based on N2-aroylanthranilamide 4. Expansion of the SAR around 4 showed that only small planar substituents could be accommodated in the A-ring for binding to the S1 site of hfXa. Bulky groups such as 4-isopropyl, 4-tert-butyl, and 4-dimethylamino were favored in the B-ring to interact with the S4 site of hfXa. The central (C) ring containing a 5-methanesulfonamido group yielded greater activity than carbamoyl groups. Combining the beneficial features from the B- and C-ring SAR, compound 55 represents the most potent hfXa inhibitor in the N2-aroylanthranilamide 4 series with hfXa Kass = 58 × 106 L/mol (Ki = 11.5 nM).
__label__0, For high-volume products, continuous processes are generally preferred over batch processes since they typically give more consistent quality at lower cost. Despite this, most commercial anionic polymerizations are batch because of a variety of stability issues. This paper explores the feasibility of a tubular process for high-molecular-weight polystyrene with low polydispersity. Experimental results show number-average chain lengths of 600−2600 with polydispersities of 1.05−1.42. Apparent steady states were achieved. A comprehensive process model based on available transport and kinetic properties gave reasonable predictions. A single adjustable parameter improved the model to the point that it is adequate for design purposes. This adjustable parameter accounts for the initial deactivation of a n-butyllithium initiator due to the trace contaminates in the raw materials. Scale-up to industrial-scale production appears feasible, although long-term stability must be explored.
__label__0, A series of poly(ethylene glycol) diglycidyl ether−cross-linked chitosan (chi−PEG hybrid) films were prepared to elucidate their potential as fouling-resistant ultrafiltration (UF) membrane coating layers. Water permeability increased as the poly(ethylene glycol) diglycidyl ether to chitosan ratio in the prepolymerization mixture increased due to increased porosity in the polymer matrix resulting from phase separation during polymerization. Composite membranes for oil−water emulsion filtration were prepared by coating an optimized member of the chi−PEG hybrid family onto a commercial polysulfone ultrafiltration membrane. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM), attenuated total reflectance Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), and pure water permeance measurements indicated that, depending on the concentration of chitosan in the coating solution, the coating layer thickness could be controlled, so water permeance could be optimized. These composite membranes exhibited water flux values more than 5 times higher than that of uncoated membranes after 1 day of oily water crossflow filtration, indicating that the hydrophilic polymer coating significantly enhanced the fouling resistance of the underlying polysulfone membrane. The organic rejection of the coated membranes was also slightly higher than that of the uncoated polysulfone membranes.
__label__0, Melatonin is being increasingly promoted as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of jet lag and insomnia and has been recently suggested to act as an efficient free-radical scavenger. In the present work, its mechanisms of action for scavenging hydroxyl radicals have been investigated using semiempirical AM1 and density functional theory (DFT) computational tools. Two different reactions were proposed as follows:  one involving the abstraction of an indolic hydrogen to yield a neutral radical and another involving the addition of the hydroxyl radical to the indolic moiety. Our results show that, from a thermodynamical standpoint, melatonin may directly scavenge hydroxyl radicals both in vacuum and in aqueous solution. The structural requirements for free-radical-trapping ability have been examined comparing melatonin with related indoles. Computational data suggest that 5-methoxy and N-acetyl groups of melatonin do not significantly affect its thermodynamical capacity of free-radical trapping. The present results support experimental data on the potential of melatonin as a physiological or pharmacological antioxidant agent.
__label__0, Probiotics have been advocated for the prevention and treatment of a wide range of diseases, and there is strong evidence for their efficacy in some clinical scenarios. Probiotics are now widely used in many countries by consumers and in clinical practice. Given the increasingly widespread use of probiotics, a thorough understanding of their risks and benefits is imperative. In this article we review the safety of probiotics and discuss areas of uncertainty regarding their use. Although probiotics have an excellent overall safety record, they should be used with caution in certain patient groups-particularly neonates born prematurely or with immune deficiency. Because of the paucity of information regarding the mechanisms through which probiotics act, appropriate administrative regimens, and probiotic interactions, further investigation is needed in these areas. Finally, note that the properties of different probiotic species vary and can be strain-specific. Therefore, the effects of one probiotic strain should not be generalized to others without confirmation in separate studies. Careful consideration should be given to these issues before patients are advised to use probiotic supplements in clinical practice.
__label__0, Monocrotaline pyrrole (MCTP) causes pulmonary vascular injury, pulmonary hypertension, and right ventricular hypertrophy in rats. The mechanisms by which MCTP causes lung injury are not known. After treatment with a moderate dose of MCTP, several days pass before major lung injury is detected, thus suggesting that the damage is caused indirectly. Since activation of the complement system can cause lung injury, it was of interest to test whether complement activation may be important in lung injury due to MCTP. Accordingly, rats were given a single dose of MCTP (3.5 mg/kg iv), and serum hemolytic complement activity was measured at several times after rats were treated. Neutrophil aggregometry also was used to determine whether complement activation products could be detected in serum after MCTP was given in vivo. The effect of complement depletion on MCTP-induced pulmonary injury was tested by cotreating rats with purified cobra venom factor and MCTP. MCTP treatment did not cause detectable complement activation in vivo, and complement depletion did not protect rats from lung injury. The direct effect of MCTP on serum complement also was tested by exposing fresh rat serum to MCTP in vitro and measuring serum complement activity. MCTP decreased serum hemolytic complement activity in vitro, but it did not interfere with subsequent zymosan-induced activation of complement. These results suggest that complement does not play a role in the development of major lung injury that occurs several days after treatment of rats with MCTP.
__label__0, Organic solutes leave the intestinal epithelium and enter the circulation via specific facilitated carriers located in the basolateral membrane. In the case of glucose it is a low-affinity, high-capacity transport system that can adapt to the carbohydrate content of the diet. Chronic diabetes also promotes the exit of glucose, and in both cases the effect results from an increased density of carriers in the basolateral membrane. In contrast, a rapid upregulation of this system that can be induced within 30 min by hyperglycemia does not involve large changes in the amount of transporter protein. Similarly, the absorptive capacity of the small intestine from some amino acids can be influenced by events occurring at the basolateral membrane. In the case of dibasic amino acid absorption, exit from the epithelium is the rate-limiting step. The activity of the basolateral carrier can be increased almost 10-fold within 60 s by the addition of micromolar concentrations of the neutral amino acid leucine to either the lumen or the plasma. This response does not involve the second messenger adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate and may represent an allosteric modulation of the carrier. These observations are discussed in relation to the role of the basolateral membrane as a locus for controlling intestinal absorption of organic nutrients.
__label__0, Local regulation of microvascular blood flow is a complex process in which the needs of the tissue must be communicated to the vasculature, enabling the appropriate matching of O2 supply to demand. We hypothesize that the red blood cell is not only the major O2 carrier but also serves as an O2 sensor and affecter of changes in O2 delivery via its release of ATP, which subsequently binds to P2y receptors on the vascular endothelium, altering vessel caliber. Using the hamster as a model, we determined that the efflux of ATP from red blood cells after exposure to low-PO2 (PO2 = 17 +/- 6 mmHg) and low-pH (pH = 7.06 +/- 0.07) solutions was significantly (P < 0.01) greater than that after exposure to normoxic, normal pH (PO2 = 87 +/- 4; pH = 7.38 +/- 0.04) solutions, indicating that two factors that are associated with an impaired O2 supply relative to demand increase the release of ATP from the red blood cell. To ascertain whether ATP alters vascular caliber, we applied 10(-6) M ATP intraluminally to arterioles of the retractor muscle, using a micropressure system. Vessel diameter increased 8 and 10%, 140 +/- 60 microns upstream of the site of infusion after 50- and 500-ms pulses, respectively. Application of ATP to arteriolar and venular capillaries induced a 31 and 81% increase in red blood cell supply rate, respectively. These results support our hypothesis that the red blood cell is more than just an O2 carrier and has a direct role in the regulation of vascular tone.
__label__0, Despite the finding in cross-cultural comparisons that habitual sodium intake correlates with levels of blood pressure, similar studies from within population groups have yielded inconsistent results. The data presented in this report indicate that in industrialized societies the high degree of intra-individual variability of sodium intake, compared to much smaller inter-individual differences, may obscure potential biological correlations. A quantitative statistical method is presented to assess and minimize the effect of the large intra-individual variation in daily urinary sodium excretion.
__label__0, To study the mechanism of acceleration of glucose transport in skeletal muscle after stimulation with insulin and contractions, we isolated a subcellular vesicular membrane fraction, highly enriched in the plasma membrane enzyme K(+)-stimulated p-nitrophenylphosphatase and also enriched in some intracellular membranes. Protein recovery, morphology, lipid content, marker enzyme activities, total intravesicular volume, Western blot quantitation of GLUT-1, and glucose-inhibitable cytochalasin B binding were identical in membrane fractions from control, insulin-stimulated, contraction-stimulated, and insulin- and contraction-stimulated muscle. Time course of D-[3H]glucose entry in membrane vesicles at equilibrium exchange conditions showed that initial rate of transport at 30 mM of glucose was increased 19-fold and that equilibrium distribution space was increased 4-fold in vesicles from maximum stimulated muscle. The effects of insulin and contractions on initial rate of transport as well as on equilibrium distribution space were additive, and stimulation increased the substrate saturability of glucose transport. Furthermore, cytochalasin B binding to membranes prepared by using less centrifugation time than usual showed that, after stimulation with insulin and contractions, at least 35% of the total number of glucose transporters were redistributed from one kind of vesicles to a more slowly sedimenting kind of vesicles, probably reflecting translocation within the membrane preparation from intracellular vesicles to the plasma membrane upon stimulation. In the present membrane preparation the effects of insulin and/or contractions on glucose transport resemble those seen in intact muscle, and the effects are thus not dependent on cellular integrity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
__label__0, Breast cancer metastasis accounts for the majority of deaths from breast cancer. Detection of breast cancer metastasis at the earliest stage is important for the management and prediction of breast cancer progression. Emerging techniques using the analysis of circulating tumor cells show promising results in predicting and identifying the early stages of breast cancer metastasis in patients. Additionally, a deeper understanding of the metastatic cascade in breast cancer will be critical for developing therapeutic interventions to combat breast cancer metastasis. In this review, the current and novel methods for detection of breast cancer metastasis, as well as the mechanisms involved in metastasis and the treatment of breast cancer metastasis, are discussed.
__label__0, Angiogenic response of the myocardial capillary bed to long-term (7 mo) renovascular hypertension (one-kidney, one-clip) was assessed in eight mongrel dogs and compared with seven control dogs. Image analyses of histological sections from four transmural specimen sites of left ventricular (LV) free wall were performed. While mean cross-sectional cardiocyte area increased in all transmural layers (epi-endo) in dogs with LV hypertrophy (LVH), the greatest increases occurred in the inner layers. Although capillary length density was significantly lower in two of the four transmural regions of LVH dogs, these decrements were much less than the lateral expansion of cardiocytes as indicated by cross-sectional areas. Calculations of total capillary length indicate that approximately one-fifth of the capillary bed in LVH dogs was formed during the 7-mo period of hypertension in hypertrophied hearts. Capillary volume and surface densities in LVH dogs decreased to a greater extent due to a larger population of capillaries with lumen diameters less than 4 microns. Capillary volume density in LVH dogs was remarkably similar across the wall despite large transmural differences in cardiocyte hypertrophy. LVH did not alter the log SD of capillary domains, a measure of the heterogeneity of spacing, or capillary orientation (degree or anisotropy). These data support several important conclusions regarding long-term hypertension-induced LVH in dogs. First, although capillary growth does not fully compensate for the increase in LV mass, a myriad of new capillaries are formed as indicated by a substantial increase in total capillary length. This growth minimizes the increase in intercapillary distance characteristic of LVH.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
__label__0, Plasma lactate turnover rate of Thoroughbred racehorses was measured by bolus injection of [U-14C]lactate at rest and two levels of submaximal treadmill exercise (3-4 m/s trot, 6% incline, and 6.5 m/s horizontal canter). Our goals were 1) to determine the relative effects of changes in cardiac output and in plasma lactate concentration on turnover rate [using cardiac output data from Weber et al. (28)] and 2) to assess the importance of lactate as a metabolic fuel in a trained animal athlete. Lactate turnover rates were 9.3 mumol.min-1.kg-1 (rest), 75.9 mumol.min-1.kg-1 at the beginning of the trot protocol [45% maximum O2 uptake (VO2max)], 50.3 mumol.min-1.kg-1 later in the same protocol (50% VO2max), and 66.1 mumol.min-1.kg-1 during the canter protocol (55% VO2max). Both changes in cardiac output and in plasma lactate concentration had a significant effect on turnover rate. Variation in plasma lactate fluxes of Thoroughbreds during exercise follows the standard mammalian pattern, but this substrate only plays a minor role as an oxidizable fuel in horses. The oxidation of plasma lactate accounts for less than 5% of metabolic rate (VO2) during submaximal work. Adjustments in cardiac output and in metabolite concentration represent, respectively, the coarse and fine controls for the regulation of plasma metabolite turnover rate.
__label__0, After a violent conflict many post-conflict communities remain ethnically divided and normalization of the inter-group relations is hindered not only by in-group norms and interpretation of past events, but also by collective guilt. Although collective guilt has proved to be an important indicator of post-conflict social repair, more research is needed to define its predictors. This study, conducted in an ethnically divided community, confirmed that collective guilt acceptance and collective guilt assignment in our sample are typical for the post-conflict pattern of intergroup relations--people readily assign guilt to the outgroup but are unwilling to accept the guilt of their in-group. This suggests that the process of community social reconstruction has not considerably progressed. Our findings also suggest that the two aspects of collective guilt--assignment and acceptance--are predicted by similar sets of variables. Both collective guilt assignment and collective guilt acceptance are influenced by identification with in-group which influence is fully or partially mediated with the justification of the in-group's wrongdoings. This indicates that in the post-conflict setting relationship towards the in-group may be more important for experiencing collective guilt than the relationship towards the out-group. Relationship towards out-group, although not crucial, also plays a role in experiencing collective guilt. Specifically, both affect towards and cognitions about out-group members predict collective guilt assignment (with cognition being stronger predictor than positive affect), whereas only (absence of) positive affect predicts acceptance of collective guilt and the cognitive aspect is not predictive.
__label__0, Tumours arising from oral minor salivary glands may exhibit an overlap of clinical and morphological features that may produce diagnostic and therapeutic dilemmas. The aim of this study is to asses the value of fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) in differentiation of benign and malignant tumours and to render a specific diagnosis. We evaluated the team work of surgeon and cytologist to improve diagnostic accuracy. Two steps are important for accuracy: sampling aspirate that should be done together by surgeon and cytologist and cytological microscopic analysis of the smears that should be performed by an experienced cytologist. The study included 132 patients with intraoral minor salivary gland tumours between 2002 and 2011. Adequate material was obtained from 121 (91.7%) patients. FNAC was usually performed by cytologist in a team with maxillofacial surgeon at cytology department that is more convenient for preparing the samples and especially for ROSE procedure (rapid-on site evaluation) of smears. In such a way the cytologist checked the adequacy of samples and decided whether some ancillary techniques should be used and therefore repeat FNAC. A total of 82 patients underwent surgery, 40 with malignant and 42 with benign tumours. Preoperative cytological diagnoses were compared with histopathological ones using histopathology as a gold standard. The most common benign tumour was pleomorphic adenoma and among malignant tumours adenoid cystic carcinoma. The most commonly affected site was the palate. The team work of surgeon and cytologist achieved specificity of 95.1%, sensitivity of 97.6% and diagnostic accuracy of 96.3%. We can conclude that although subclassification of some tumour types of salivary glands remains poor, FNAC is invaluable in patient triage and therefore should be considered in the first line investigations of these lesions by the cytologist and surgeon.
__label__0, Thirteen 2,4-diamino-5-methyl-6-[(monosubstituted anilino)methyl]pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidines 5−17 were synthesized as potential Pneumocystis carinii (pc) and Toxoplasma gondii (tg) dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) inhibitors and as antitumor agents. Compounds 5−17 were designed to investigate the structure−activity relationship of monomethoxy and monohalide substitution in the phenyl ring and N10-methylation of the C9−N10 bridge. The synthetic route to compounds 5−12 involved the reductive amination of a common intermediate, 2,4-diamino-5-methylpyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine-6-carbonitrile (18), with the appropriate anilines. N10-Methylation was achieved by reductive methylation. In contrast to previous reports of trimethoprim, the removal of methoxy and chloro groups from the phenyl ring in the 2,4-diamino-5-methyl-6-[(substituted anilino)methyl]pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine series generally did not decrease DHFR inhibitory activity. The monosubstituted phenyl analogues 5−12 were as potent against pcDHFR and tgDHFR as the previously reported disubstituted phenyl analogues. N10-Methylation generally resulted in a marginal increase in potency against both pcDHFR and tgDHFR. Compounds 5, 7, and 9 were evaluated and shown to inhibit the growth of T. gondii cells in culture at nanomolar concentrations. Compounds 6−8, 9, 11, and 16 were selected by the National Cancer Institute for evaluation in an in vitro preclinical antitumor screening program. All six compounds showed GI50 values in the 10-7−10-9 M range in more than 20 cell lines.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Oil-in-water emulsions stabilized by kaolinite clays were demulsified by the addition of fresh oil under the action of mixing in a continuous mixer−settler setup. The clays were treated with different concentration of asphaltenes, resulting in clays having different contact angles. It was found that the variation of the oil volume fraction in the emulsion decreased exponentially with the emulsion residence time in the mixer and that this relationship was consistent with the results obtained in our previous batch experiments. Due to the steric barrier offered by the clays, the demulsification rate constant decreased with increasing clay concentration at the oil droplet surface. The demulsification rate constant exhibited a minimum at a clay contact angle of about 90°. Having a larger oil droplet, a higher volume fraction of oil in the emulsion, and a higher ratio of fresh oil to emulsion oil gave a higher demulsification rate constant.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, A modified procedure of using the Huron−Vidal mixing rule based on UNIFAC activity coefficients at infinite dilution (HVID) at low pressures is shown to be useful for making vapor−liquid equilibrium (VLE) predictions for polar and nonpolar systems at low and high pressures. Four cases were considered:  (a) symmetric polar systems; (b) systems containing alkanols and hydrocarbons; (c) systems containing acetone and hydrocarbons; (d) hydrocarbon mixtures. Prediction of both low- and high-pressure VLE for binary systems is good. The HVID model, using UNIFAC ‘93 activity coefficients at infinite dilution, performs satisfactorily in the VLE predictions of ternary systems also.
__label__0, On the basis of the analysis of key engineering factors predominating in a reactive precipitation process, a new method called high-gravity reactive precipitation (HGRP), which means that reactive precipitation takes place in high-gravity conditions, is presented here for the massive production of nanoparticles. A rotating packed-bed reactor was designed to generate acceleration higher than the gravitational acceleration on Earth. The syntheses of nanoparticles of CaCO3, aluminum hydroxide, and SrCO3 were employed to demonstrate the advantages and industrial potentials of this technology, where the typical gas−liquid−solid, gas−liquid, and liquid−liquid multiphase reaction systems were involved. Experimental results show that the mean size of CaCO3 particles can be controlled and adjusted in the range of 17−36 nm through the change of operation conditions such as high-gravity levels, fluid flow rates, and reactant concentrations. Nanofibrils of aluminum hydroxide of 1−10 nm in diameter and 50−300 nm in length as well as nanoparticles of SrCO3 with a mean size of 40 nm were synthesized. The crystal structures of these compounds synthesized in high-gravity conditions were the same as those in gravitational conditions. HGRP technology is believed to be capable of the preparation of nanoparticles with low-cost and high-volume production and therefore to have potential applications in industry.
__label__0, In this paper multiplicity in heterogeneous azeotropic distillation sequences is studied. Two sequences, suitable for ethanol dehydration, are treated as sample problems and compared. As a basis the ∞/∞ analysis method (Petlyuk, F. B.; Avet'yan, V. S. Theor. Found. Chem. Eng.1971, 5, 499−507; Bekiaris, N.; Meski, G. A.; Morari, M. Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.1993, 32, 2023−2038), which assumes infinite reflux rate and infinite number of trays, is extended to and applied on heterogeneous azeotropic distillation sequences in order to determine steady-state bifurcation diagrams from thermodynamic considerations. The bifurcation diagrams are very different for the two sequences despite their similar structures. In particular, it is predicted that output multiplicity of the single azeotropic column, as recently experimentally verified by Müller and Marquardt (Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.1997a, 36, 5410−5418), can induce output multiplicity of one sequence. It is further predicted that output multiplicity can be avoided by the choice of a different sequence structure. Furthermore, ∞/∞ analysis predicts state multiplicity in both heterogeneous azeotropic distillation sequences. This phenomenon in the ∞/∞ case is also analyzed and it is shown that state multiplicity in heterogeneous distillation sequences can be induced either by the corresponding single column behavior as reported by Gani and Jørgensen (Comput. Chem. Eng.1994, 18, 55) or by closing the sequence. The predicted bifurcation diagrams and multiplicities are substantiated through rigorous simulation of column sequences operating at finite reflux and with a finite number of stages. Finally, the implications of the thermodynamics including the liquid−liquid plait point position are demonstrated to be important for obtaining reliable predictions.
__label__0, Membrane introduction mass spectrometry (MIMS) has been applied to monitor and compare in real time the extent by which three photocatalytic remediation processesFenton's reagent/UV, ferrioxalate/H2O2/UV, and TiO2/UVdestroy two common water pollutantsphenol and trichloroethylene (TCE). Continuous MIMS and selected ion monitoring (MIMS−SIM) of both phenol and TCE degradation and CO2 production show first-order kinetics for the three processes. Phenol half-life times indicate that Fenton's reagent/UV and ferrioxalate/H2O2/UV destroys phenol 10 times faster than TiO2/UV, that is, Fenton's reagent/UV ≈ ferrioxalate/H2O2/UV ≫ TiO2/UV. For TCE, half-life times for the three remediation processes are ordered as follows:  ferrioxalate/H2O2/UV ≫ Fenton's reagent/UV > TiO2/UV. For phenol, the extent of mineralization measured via total organic carbon analysis was lower than the extent of degradation measured by MIMS−SIM; hence, for the three processes, the intermediate products of phenol photocatalytic degradation are slowly destroyed. For Fenton's reagent/UV and ferrioxalate/H2O2/UV, GC/MS analysis detected pyrocatechol as the main intermediate of phenol degradation and p-benzoquinone for TiO2/UV.
__label__0, The three-dimensional structure, dynamics, and binding modes of representative κ-opioid agonists of the arylacetamide class (U50,488; U69,593; U62,066; CI-977; ICI199,441; ICI197,067; BRL52,537; and BRL52,656) have been investigated using molecular modeling techniques. Systematic exploration of the conformational space of the ligand combined with molecular dynamics (MD) simulations in water revealed consistent conformational preferences for all the κ-agonists in this series. The results were further compared with available X-ray and 1D- and 2D-NMR data to identify potential “lead” conformers for molecular docking. Ligand binding modes were initially determined using automated docking of two of the ligands (U50,488 and BRL52,537) to the κ-opioid receptor. Extrapolation of the predicted binding mode to other members in this ligand series revealed similar docking preferences, with each ligand docked along the receptor helical axis. The binding modes were further refined using MD simulations of the receptor−ligand complexes. The results show a that salt bridge is formed between the amino proton of the ligands and the carboxylate group of Asp138 in TM3. This interaction most likely serves as a key anchoring point for the agonist association. Additional ligand contacts were noted with κ-specific residues Ile294, Leu295, and Ala298, which may, in part, explain the κ-selectivity in this series. In comparing the arylacetamides with opiate-based ligands, no evidence was found to link these classes through a common binding motif (except for the ion pair). The binding site model was also applied to explain the enantiomeric preference of U50,488 and to provide insight to the μ/κ-selectivity of representative ligands in this series. Overall, the results provide a structure-based rationale for ligand recognition that is consistent both with site-directed mutagenesis experiments and structure−function relationship data.
__label__0, In part 1 of this series, it was seen how minimum run length constraints may complicate conventional multiperiod models. For short-term scheduling, these constraints, along with sequencing issues, become even more critical, and part 2 explores the application of continuous time formulations to this class of problems. Two mixed-integer linear programming (MIP) formulations are presented for the detailed short-term scheduling of a single-stage multiproduct facility with multiple parallel semicontinuous processors. Given a set of due dates, demands for products at these dates, and several operational and topological constraints, it is desired to determine the start and end times of individual product campaigns and machine assignments to minimize the inventory, transition, and shortage costs. The key feature of these formulations is that they can accommodate prespecified discrete time events such as due dates while employing a continuous representation of time. In addition to regular production, various outages such as tests and maintenance can be scheduled and a variety of transitions between operations can be accommodated. For purposes of illustration, a (relatively) small real plant scheduling problem is solved.
__label__0, The reactions of acetophenone in water by pulsed corona discharges have been investigated to provide fundamental information concerning the reactions of acetophenone in water. Experimental results indicated that photolysis of acetophenone did not involve a hydroxyl radical mechanism and the majority flux of hydroxyl radicals originated from the dissociation of gas-phase oxygen in the plasma channels. The rate constants for photolysis and pyrolysis were determined to be 1.5×10−7 M-s−1, 2.2×10−4 s−1, respectively. The rate constant for the oxidative reactions was measured as 1.2×10−7 M-s−1. Results from this study support the proposal that acetophenone degradation reaction proceed through the oxidative reaction pathway, where molecular oxygen accelerates acetophenone degradation, photolysis, and pyrolysis pathways.
__label__0, The Transition Region and Coronal Explorer (TRACE) – described in the companion paper by Handy et al. (1999) – provides an unprecedented view of the solar outer atmosphere. In this overview, we discuss the initial impressions gained from, and interpretations of, the first million images taken with TRACE. We address, among other topics, the fine structure of the corona, the larger-scale thermal trends, the evolution of the corona over quiet and active regions, the high incidence of chromospheric material dynamically embedded in the coronal environment, the dynamics and structure of the conductively dominated transition region between chromosphere and corona, loop oscillations and flows, and sunspot coronal loops. With TRACE we observe a corona that is extremely dynamic and full of flows and wave phenomena, in which loops evolve rapidly in temperature, with associated changes in density. This dynamic nature points to a high degree of spatio-temporal variability even under conditions that traditionally have been referred to as quiescent. This variability requires that coronal heating can turn on and off on a time scale of minutes or less along field-line bundles with cross sections at or below the instrumental resolution of 700 km. Loops seen at 171 Å (∼1 MK) appear to meander through the coronal volume, but it is unclear whether this is caused by the evolution of the field or by the weaving of the heating through the coronal volume, shifting around for periods of up to a few tens of minutes and lighting up subsequent field lines. We discuss evidence that the heating occurs predominantly within the first 10 to 20 Mm from the loop footpoints. This causes the inner parts of active-region coronae to have a higher average temperature than the outer domains.
__label__0, The aim of the present study was to examine the effects of superoxide dismutase (SOD) addition to the ovary transport medium (4 °C, 3–72 h) on ovarian cell viability and apoptosis and in vitro embryo production (IVEP) in domestic cats. The ovaries collected from 76 mixed-breed domestic queens were randomly assigned to the control or SOD-treated groups and incubated for 3, 24, 48 or 72 h. The ovaries were then subjected to the following: (1) fixed in formalin to assess the incidence of apoptosis (fragmented DNA in situ detection kit), (2) stored at −196 °C in liquid nitrogen to evaluate the expression of the pro-apoptotic Bax gene and the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 gene (RT-PCR), and (3) used to obtain the cumulus–oocyte complexes (COCs) in order to test the cell viability (carboxyfluorescein or trypan blue staining) and IVEP. The incidence of apoptosis appeared to be higher in the control compared with the SOD-treated ovaries. The ovarian expression of Bax was lower and the Bcl-2 expression was higher in the SOD-treated group compared with the control group. The presence of SOD in the transport medium increased the viability of COCs and IVEP compared with the control medium. In summary, the supplementation of the ovary transport medium with SOD reduced cellular apoptosis and enhanced COC survival and IVEP in domestic cats.
__label__0, This chapter begins within the context of advocacy for integrative approaches, followed by a review of the global health status. The diversity of challenges in different parts of the world gives few glimpses of the seriousness and magnitude of the health care crisis. The authors discuss the evolution of health care systems, with medical care as a component, and suggest that the present focus is more on treatment of diseases than on health protection. Despite spectacular advances in biomedical sciences, the developing world has not been able to eliminate age-old diseases; in the developed world, newer diseases attributable to lifestyles have sprung up. These unresolved challenges call for a close look at today’s health care solutions, and new, imaginative approaches in health and medicine. In exploring their complementary roles in health care, we survey important advancements in biomedical sciences, and basic concepts from Ayurveda and Yoga. The authors suggest a possible meeting ground for the integration of diverse systems such as Ayurveda, Yoga, and other traditional and complementary medicines (T&CM), with modern medicine. Issues related to medical pluralism, and definitions of T&CM practices are discussed to indicate possible meeting grounds. Discussed in this chapter are the rationales, and constructs of integrative approaches, and their relevance and importance to learning, in light of biomedical sciences, Ayurveda, and Yoga. While making the advocacy, authors do not take any sides—be it modern medicine, Ayurveda, or Yoga but try to strike a balance between the two seemingly diverse yet complementary philosophies.
__label__0, The issue of drug–drug interactions is particularly relevant for geriatric patients with epilepsy because they are often treated with multiple medications for concurrent diseases such as cardiovascular disease and psychiatric disorders (e.g., dementia and depression). The antidepressants with the least potential for altering antiepileptic drug (AED) metabolism are citalopram, escitalopram, venlafaxine, duloxetine, and mirtazapine. The use of established AEDs with enzyme‐inducing properties, such as carbamazepine, phenytoin, and phenobarbital, may be associated with reductions in the levels of drugs such as donepezil, galantamine, and particularly warfarin. Carbamazepine, phenytoin, and phenobarbital have been reported to decrease prothrombin time in patients taking oral anticoagulants, although with phenytoin, an increase in prothrombin time has also been reported. Drugs associated with increased risk of bleeding in patients taking oral anticoagulants include selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (especially fluoxetine), gemfibrozil, fluvastatin, and lovastatin. Other drugs affected by enzyme inducers include cytochrome P450 3A4 substrates, such as calcium channel blockers (e.g., nimodipine, nilvadipine, nisoldipine, and felodipine) and the 3‐hydroxy‐3‐methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG‐CoA) reductase inhibitors atorvastatin, lovastatin, and simvastatin.
__label__0, We analyze a randomized trial of an innovative anti-poverty program in South India, part of a series of pilot programs that provide “ultra-poor” households with inputs to create new, sustainable livelihoods (often tending livestock). In contrast with results from other pilots, we find no lasting net impact on income or asset accumulation in South India. We explore concerns with program implementation, data errors, and the existence of compelling employment alternatives. The baseline consumption data contain systematic errors, and income and consumption contain large outliers. Steps to address the problems leave the central findings largely intact: Wages for unskilled labor rose sharply in the area while the study was implemented, blunting the net impact of the intervention and highlighting one way that treatment effects depend on factors external to the intervention itself, such as broader employment opportunities.
__label__0, Variations in foot posture are associated with the development of some lower limb injuries. However, the mechanisms underlying this relationship are unclear. The objective of this study was to compare foot kinematics between normal, pes cavus and pes planus foot posture groups using a multi-segment foot model. Ninety-seven healthy adults, aged 18–47 were classified as either normal (n = 37), pes cavus (n = 30) or pes planus (n = 30) based on normative data for the Foot Posture Index, Arch Index and normalised navicular height. A five segment foot model was used to measure tri-planar motion of the rearfoot, midfoot, medial forefoot, lateral forefoot and hallux during barefoot walking at a self-selected speed. Angle at heel contact, peak angle, time to peak angle and range of motion was measured for each segment. One way ANOVAs with post-hoc analyses of mean differences were used to compare foot posture groups. The pes cavus group demonstrated a distinctive pattern of motion compared to the normal and pes planus foot posture groups. Effect sizes of significant mean differences were large and comparable to similar studies. Three key differences in overall foot function were observed between the groups: (i) altered frontal and transverse plane angles of the rearfoot in the pes cavus foot; (ii) Less midfoot motion in the pes cavus foot during initial contact and midstance; and (iii) reduced midfoot frontal plane ROM in the pes planus foot during pre-swing. These findings indicate that foot posture does influence motion of the foot.
__label__0, This chapter deals with wood degradation and protection of wood-based materials. Wood degradation can be classified as damage caused by biotic and abiotic agents. Non-living or abiotic agents include weathering, mechanical wear, chemicals, and heat. Biotic agents include bacteria, fungi, insects, marine borers, and woodpeckers. The chapter reveals that wood can be protected against biological degradation by limiting one or more of the four basic factors required for growth—that is, oxygen, temperature, moisture, and food source. Non-durable woods can be supplementally protected with chemicals. This method is known as “wood preservation.” Wood treatment can be divided into short-term protection lasting less than six months and longer-term protection that may need to last 50 or 100 years. The amount of chemical and the depth to which it must be applied to be effective differ substantially from that needed to protect wood exposed in soil in a tropical environment for many years. The chapter describes various treatment methods, such as brushing, dipping or soaking, two-stage dip diffusion, and thermal treatment.
__label__0, Australian preschool teachers’ use of Web-searching in their classroom practice was examined (N = 131). Availability of Internet-enabled digital technology and the contribution of teacher demographic characteristics, comfort with digital technologies and beliefs about their use were assessed. Internet-enabled technologies were available in 53% (n = 69) of classrooms. Within these classrooms, teacher age and beliefs predicted Web-searching practice. Although comfortable with digital access of knowledge in their everyday life, teachers reported less comfort with Web-searching in the context of their classroom practice. The findings identify the provision of Internet-enabled technologies and professional development as actions to support effective and confident inclusion of Web-searching in classrooms. Such actions are necessary to align with national policy documents that define acquisition of digital literacies as a goal and assert digital access to knowledge as an issue of equity.
__label__0, The local concentration of dissolved oxygen over a metal-coated steel sample of cut-edge geometry was recorded by using either an amperometric probe or an optode (fibre-optic oxygen micro-sensor). Hydroxide ions, being the product of the current determining reaction on the amperometric micro-probe, were found to change the chemical composition of corrosion products. Application of an O2 selective micro-optode for local measurements allows avoiding the indicated problem and is reported here for the first time when applied to localized corrosion measurements. The concentration of dissolved oxygen was mapped 100 μm above the cut-edge steel coated with Al–Zn–Mg alloy. This was performed quasi-simultaneously with rastering local current density and pH over the same sample area.
__label__0, The aim of the present review is to report about the effect of natural compounds, with proved antioxidant activity and mainly introduced with diet, on rheumatoid arthritis (RA). RA is a chronic, systemic inflammatory disorder leading to cartilage damage, bone erosions, joint destruction and impaired movement. The pathophysiology of RA includes reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, which is concomitant with inflammation and provokes a wide range of toxic reactions, like lipid peroxidation, inhibition of mitochondrial respiratory chain enzymes and modifications of membrane transport proteins. Since the development of effective therapeutic strategies to counteract RA is still in progress, the present review is intended to add more information about the possible role of natural antioxidant compounds in treating RA with a good balance between efficacy and toxicity. Natural products with proved anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions such as (−)-epigallocatechin gallate, resveratrol, oleuropein, quercetin and the flavonoid fraction of bergamot juice are here being reviewed, with specific regard to their possible antioxidant therapeutic action against RA.
__label__0, Goodpasture's syndrome is a rare disease involving kidney and/or lungs. Early symptoms involve loss of appetite, fatigue and weakness. Bloody urine, nausea, vomiting, and dry cough occur during the advancement of the disease. Anti-glomerular basement membrane anti-bodies are present. The disease is slow progressing but could become fetal if untreated.
__label__0, Prostate specific antigen (PSA) is a commonly used marker of prostate cancer. A panel of four kallikrein immunoassays has been reported to improve the prediction of prostate biopsy outcome (cancer vs benign) in men with elevated PSA in the circulation. Assay of one of the kallikrein forms, intact free PSA (fPSA-I), is based on a unique monoclonal antibody (4D4), which is specific for PSA without the internal cleavage at Lys145–Lys146. Due to high dissociation rate the 4D4 antibody is less than optimal for achieving a highly sensitive robust assay. In this study, we cloned the 4D4 Mab into a recombinant fragment (Fab) format and constructed three mutant libraries with the aim to increase its binding affinity. The libraries contained targeted mutations either in the CDR-H1, CDR-H2 or CDR-L3 region. PSA-I specific antibodies were enriched from the libraries by phage display technology. We identified fourteen unique clones with 1–5 mutated amino acids showing reduced dissociation of the PSA conjugate compared to the wt-4D4 Fab. Five of these mutant antibodies had 2–6 times higher binding affinity compared to the wt-4D4 Fab yet retaining the original specificity for PSA-I. The analytical sensitivity of fPSA-I assay with mutant L3-2 Fab was 0.12 μg/L compared to 4.46 μg/L with the original wt-4D4 Fab. In the method comparison study, the developed assay showed an excellent correlation to the existing fPSA-I assay. The high affinity and specificity of these mutant antibodies have potential to provide sensitive and robust detection of intact and nicked PSA from patient samples in different test formats.
__label__0, Described herein are the synthesis, cytotoxic properties, and topoisomerase II inhibition assays of benzodiimidazole and dipyrroloimidazobenzimidazole structural variants of the pyrrolo[1,2-a]benzimidazole or APBI ring system. These ring variants were designed to inhibit topoisomerase II, much as the APBIs are able to do. Since only the quinone form of the APBIs can intercalate DNA, two-electron reduction to the hydroquinone by DT-diaphorase is known to deactivate these compounds. Indeed, the APBIs possess a high inverse correlation with the cellular concentration of DT-diaphorase. Therefore one feature of the ABPI structural variants is the excessive bulk about the quinone ring, which was predicted to diminish DT-diaphorase substrate activity. Another feature is the presence of one or two alkylating centers, which would permit alkylation of DNA and/or topoisomerase II. Inhibition assays for topoisomerase II-mediated relaxation of supercoiled DNA indicate that the benzodiimidazole and dipyrroloimidazobenzimidazole quinone ring systems are catalytic inhibitors of topoisomerase II. Both quinone systems exhibit cytotoxicity perhaps due to the lack of inactivation by DT-diaphorase as well as topoisomerase II inhibition. One quinone displayed the novel feature of cytotoxicity selectively against melanoma cell lines. In conclusion, the benzodiimidazole and dipyrroloimidazobenzimidazole quinone ring systems will be subjected to future analogue development and structure−activity studies.
__label__0, Acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitors are one of the most actively investigated classes of compounds in the search for an effective treatment of Alzheimer's disease. This work describes the synthesis, AChE inhibitory activity, and structure−activity relationships of some compounds related to a recently discovered series of AChE inhibitors:  the ω-[N-methyl-N-(3-alkylcarbamoyloxyphenyl)methyl]aminoalkoxyxanthen-9-ones. The influence of structural variations on the inhibitory potency was carefully investigated by modifying different parts of the parent molecule, and a theoretical model of the binding of one representative compound to the enzyme was developed. The biological properties of the series were investigated in some detail by considering not only the activity on isolated enzyme but the selectivity with respect to butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE) and the in vitro inhibitory activity on rat cerebral cortex as well. Some of the newly synthesized derivatives, when tested on isolated and/or AChE-enriched rat brain cortex fraction, displayed a selective inhibitory activity and were more active than physostigmine. In particular, compound 13, an azaxanthone derivative, displayed the best rat cortex AChE inhibition (190-fold higher than physostigmine), as well as a high degree of enzyme selectivity (over 60-fold more selective for AChE than for BuChE). When tested in the isolated enzyme, compound 13 was less active, suggesting some differences either in drug availability/biotransformation or in the inhibitor-sensitive residues of the enzyme when biologically positioned in rat brain membranes.
__label__0, Several quantitative structure−activity relationship (QSAR) methods were applied to 29 chemically diverse D1 dopamine antagonists. In addition to conventional 3D comparative molecular field analysis (CoMFA), cross-validated R2 guided region selection (q2-GRS) CoMFA (see ref 1) was employed, as were two novel variable selection QSAR methods recently developed in one of our laboratories. These latter methods included genetic algorithm−partial least squares (GA−PLS) and K nearest neighbor (KNN) procedures (see refs 2−4), which utilize 2D topological descriptors of chemical structures. Each QSAR approach resulted in a highly predictive model, with cross-validated R2 (q2) values of 0.57 for CoMFA, 0.54 for q2-GRS, 0.73 for GA−PLS, and 0.79 for KNN. The success of all of the QSAR methods indicates the presence of an intrinsic structure−activity relationship in this group of compounds and affords more robust design and prediction of biological activities of novel D1 ligands.
__label__0, Sugar-cane bagasse and leaves (10−15 g oven-dry basis) were fractionated without size reduction by a rapid (45 s to 4 min), immersed percolation using only hot (190−230 °C), compressed (P > Psat), liquid water (0.6−1.2 kg). Over 50% of the biomass could be solubilized. All of the hemicellulose, together with much of the acid-insoluble lignin in the bagasse (>60%), was solubilized, while less than 10% of the cellulose entered the liquid phase. Moreover, recovery of the hemicellulose as monomeric sugars (after a mild posthydrolysis) exceeded 80%. Less than 5% of the hemicellulose was converted to furfural. Percolation beyond that needed to immerse the biomass in hot liquid water did not result in increased solubilization. The yield of lignocellulosic residue was also not sensitive to the form of the sugar cane used (bagasse or leaves) or its moisture content (8−50%). Commercial applications for this fractionation process include the pretreatment of lignocellulosics for bioconversion to ethanol and the production of pulp and paper products.
__label__0, This paper presents a study of the methanol based transesterification of waste used cooking oil (WCO, 15% free fatty acid content) with the synthesized solid acid catalyst at different temperatures and reaction times. The optimized conditions for fatty acid methyl ester (FAME) yield were investigated using methanol/WCO weight ratios of 0.15−0.35 and catalyst/WCO ratios of 0.25−1.25%. The results show that the methanol/WCO ratio of 0.3 and the catalyst/WCO ratio of 1.0% give the highest yield of 97.5% FAME at 383 K in 2 h. In addition, the capacity of porous supports for WOx synthesized catalysts, based on FAME yield was in the following order: Al2O3 > SiO2 > SnO2 > ZnO. The WOx/Al2O3 catalyst was found to be readily reusable and exhibited consistency in activity upon reuse for three times without loss of selectivity.
__label__0, Doxorubicin-loaded nanocarriers were produced employing folate-modified polyethylene glycol (PEG)-functionalized gold nanoparticles for targeted delivery to positive folate-receptor cancer cells. Doxorubicin and folate were, respectively, conjugated to activated-folate and activated-PEG. The conjugates formed doxorubicin nanocarrier with an average size of 12 nm in diameter. The drug release response of functionalized gold nanoparticles was characterized by an initial rapid drug release followed by a controlled release. The doxorubicin nanocarriers showed higher cytotoxic effect on folate-receptor-positive cells (KB cells) than folate-receptor-negative cells (A549 cells). Cell viability in healthy cells (HFF cells) in drug-loaded nanoparticles was higher compared to free doxorubicin. These nanocarriers might offer a cancer therapy with high targeting efficiency and lower side effects.
__label__0, The notion of local (dynamical, thermal, and chemical) equilibrium at fluid/solid interfaces which are the site of interesting nonequilibrium processes has proven useful to engineers for nearly a century and provides the basis for widely used methods described in textbooks on Transport Processes. Indeed, continuity of tangential velocity (“no-slip”), temperature, and species chemical potential are usually treated as “commandments”, rather than often-useful approximations! However, in many current and emerging applications this class of approximations becomes unacceptable for easily understood reasons. We illustrate this here for ideal gas/solid interfaces across which, or tangent to, there are nonzero molecular fluxes of momentum, energy, and/or species mass. We make use of the concept of a Knudsen sublayer, at most several gaseous mean-free paths thick, inevitably present adjacent to the solid surface. While many scientific aspects of these phenomena have been known since the earliest studies of J. C. Maxwell (1879), we show that their engineering importance is now such that their understanding should be part of the education of all chemical engineers. Moreover, molecular-level numerical techniques can now be brought to bear to illuminate the nature of these near-interfacial regions, under more realistic nonequilibrium circumstances. Analogous phenomena occur in dense vapor/solid and liquid/solid cases. Such systems, far less well understood theoretically, are characterized by effects which are smaller numerically but which may still be quite exploitable (as for separations (Giddings, 1991; Caldwell, 1988)).
__label__0, Selective oxidation of water-containing ethanol in the presence of excess ethanol provides a one-step preparation of ethyl acetate. Acetic acid is formed from the oxidation of ethanol catalyzed by a supported Pd catalyst and is further catalytically esterified to ethyl acetate by the protons dissociated from acetic acid. The difference of the catalytic performance between hydrophilic and hydrophobic Pd catalysts was investigated by a continuous fixed-bed reactor run at 95 °C, 35.4 atm, and a air/ethanol molar ratio of 2.37. The experimental results indicated that, after the induction period, the conversion of ethanol catalyzed by a styrene−divinylbenzene copolymer (SDB)-supported Pd catalyst is more than 20 times that catalyzed by a γ-alumina-supported Pd catalyst at a weight hourly space velocity (WHSV) of 2.4 h-1. However, it may be caused by weak metal−support interactions and the formation of palladium(II) acetate during the reaction. For the Pd/SDB catalysts, the Pd clusters were leached out concomitantly with the growth of Pd particles. Inductively coupled plasma (ICP) optical emission spectroscopy characterizing the fresh and used catalysts shows that about 10% of Pd was leached after 60 h on stream. Extended X-ray absorption fine structure (EXAFS) spectroscopy results further indicate that the average particle size of the Pd clusters on SDB support increases from 6 to 20 Å.
__label__0, Background: Because little is known about the effects of asthma and asthma therapy on lipid and protein metabolism, we have investigated the characteristics of diet and plasma/serum levels of fat and protein in a group of asthma patients with various degrees of severity.
__label__0, Background: Eosinophils are believed to be critical proinflammatory cells in airway mucosal damage in asthma. Eotaxin is a C-C chemokine with selective activity for eosinophils and basophils. Previous studies have shown increased expression of eotaxin in the airways of asthmatics at baseline. We aimed to investigate eotaxin expression during the late-phase reaction to allergen inhalation in atopic asthmatics.
__label__0, Background: Standardized methods to measure allergen exposure are essential to assess the relationship between exposure, sensitization, and asthma. Most studies have measured allergen levels in reservoir dust, although air samples may be more representative as a measure of inhaled allergen. The aim of this study was to define the relationship between mite, cat, and dog allergen content in the reservoir dust and the levels in the ambient air.
__label__0, Molecular biology using rRNA sequence analysis and nDNA comparisons, as well as GC (guanine/CYTOSINE) ratios in extracted DNA, has clearly divided the genus Pityrosporum or Malassezia into seven different species (1, 2). M. pachydermatis, the nonlipophilic member of the genus, is isolated primarily from animals. M. furfur, M. sympodialis, M. globosa, M. obtusa, M. restricta, and M. slooffiae are the lipophilic members of the genus. The genus name Malassezia has been used by these researchers, but I still prefer the name Pityrosporum. According to guidelines for taxonomy, the name used by the person who first describes a microorganism has priority. In 1874, Malassez described yeast-like cells in the stratum corneum of patients with various skin diseases, and the name Malassezia furfur was proposed by Bailon. However, Malassez was never able to culture the microorganism. In 1913, Castellani and Chalmers cultured the organism and characterized its growth properties ( 3). They introduced the name Pityrosporum ovale, and their description of the organism is based on the description of the fungus both in skin scales and in the laboratory ( 3). The name Pityrosporum ovale will be used in the rest of this paper.
__label__0, Interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) is a cytokine that plays an important role in inducing and modulating an array of immune responses. Cellular responses to IFN-γ are mediated by its heterodimeric cell-surface receptor (IFN-γR), which activates downstream signal transduction cascades, ultimately leading to the regulation of gene expression. In order to study the role of IFN-γ in a number of immune responses and pathways, researchers have generated mice with altered patterns of IFN-γR gene expression. These studies, together with analyses of naturally occurring mutations of the IFN-γR in man, have been instrumental in elucidating the diverse functions of IFN-γ, and are the subject of this review.
__label__0, Background: Aeropollinic sampling is usually performed by volumetric pollen traps located on the top of buildings at a height of 15–20 m. The present study aimed to determine whether pollen concentration is similar, at the same time, at different heights.
__label__0, Background: Date-palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.) fruits are eaten daily by most inhabitants of the Middle East and the neighboring countries. Recent reports have indicated that dates are allergenic. This study aimed to investigate the antigenic and allergenic potential of date fruits.
__label__0, For seminal plasma-allergic patients to achieve pregnancy, immunotherapy or artificial insemination is recommended. However, these modalities require complicated procedures. We recently treated a patient with human seminal plasma anaphylaxis who was successfully desensitized after intravaginal rush desensitization and became spontaneously pregnant. She had a healthy full-term infant. With immunoblotting, we identified multiple allergens in her husband's seminal plasma, with molecular masses such as 100, 75, 65, 50, 40, 38, 33, 20, and 18 kDa, and the pattern of immunoblotting did not change after desensitization. We found not only specific antibodies to the seminal plasma of the patient's partner, but also common antibodies to both the partner's and the control specimen. Our results suggest that intravaginal desensitization might be an effective and convenient initial approach for patients who want to achieve pregnancy, and also confirm the presence of both the specific and shared common allergens in the seminal plasmas of the patient's partner and the control subject.
__label__0, Latex allergy is now known to be related to type I hypersensitivity. In latex products, several reports have identified at least 10 allergens. However, 56 polypeptides have been shown to react to IgE by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis and immunoprints. All studies using immunoprints have analyzed a relatively small number of sera. The aim of the present study was to analyze the specificity and the isotypic expression of a wide sample of latex-sensitive patients. Latex proteins were separated by SDS–PAGE in an 8–18% gel gradient, transferred onto a nitrocellulose sheet by Western blot, and revealed by serum from latex-sensitive patients. The presence of IgE, IgA, IgG1, IgG2, IgG3, and IgG4 was analyzed for each of the 54 sera. The results showed Hev b 3 to be the most frequently recognized protein, followed by Hev b 1, Hev b 7, and molecules of 94 kDa and 6–8 kDa. The most common isotypic association was IgE-IgG1, frequently with IgA. IgG4 was also present in a little less than half of the IgE-positive sera. IgG3 was also expressed but frequently recognized nonallergenic molecules. IgG2 was present in only two cases. Thus, as several authors have proposed a protective role for IgG in the allergic reaction, it may be of interest to compare these results with the course of the disease.
__label__0, Background: Subjects with IgE-mediated allergic reactions to penicillins can develop urticaria or anaphylactic shock. Urticaria is mainly associated with positivity to the major determinant of benzylpenicillin (BPO), and anaphylactic shock with minor determinants (MDM). The presence of IgG antibodies to BPO is thought to be mainly associated with urticaria, possibly protecting from anaphylactic shock. We aimed to study the skin test response to BPO and MDM, amoxicillin (AX), and ampicillin (AMP) in a group of subjects allergic to penicillins, and to evaluate the role of specific IgG.
__label__0, There is evidence that the prevalence of respiratory allergy is increasing. This is mainly based on studies in children and young adults. The aim of the study was to compare the prevalences of self-reported symptoms of respiratory allergy among Danish adults in two surveys 8 years apart. Identical questionnaires were mailed to two random general population samples in 1989 and 1997. The response rates were 86.1% (n=3603) and 86.4% (n=817), respectively. The sampling frame and sampling method were identical in both surveys. The changes in the prevalences of symptoms were expressed by sex- and age-adjusted odds ratios comparing 1997 to 1989. We found a significant increase in the prevalence of seasonal rhinitis symptoms (OR=1.6, 95% CI 1.4–1.9), rhinitis symptoms on exposure to pollen (OR=1.6, 95% CI 1.4–1.9), rhinitis symptoms on exposure to furry animals (odds ratio 1.6, 95% CI 1.3–2.0), rhinitis symptoms on exposure to house dust (OR=1.3, 95% CI 1.1–1.6), and breathlessness on exposure to pollen (OR=1.5, 95% CI 1.0–2.0). The observed increases were independent of sex and age. The questionnaire was validated in relation to allergen skin test reactivity in a subgroup of the responders to the 1989 survey. When the estimated associations between symptoms and skin test reactivity were considered, the results suggested an increase in allergy to pollen and animal dander. In conclusion, we found evidence of increased prevalence of allergic rhinitis symptoms associated with skin test reactivity.
__label__0, Genetic disposition and allergen exposure play the main roles in the development of allergic diseases. Another factor that could be involved is the nutritional intake of vitamin D.
__label__0, The background of this study is the finding of several studies that the frequency of respiratory allergies was significantly higher in the former West Germany than the former East Germany. The present study investigated the levels of allergens of house-dust mite (Der p 1 and Der f 1), cat (Fel d 1), and cockroach (Bla g 2) in the household dust of 201 homes in Hamburg (West Germany) and 204 homes in Erfurt (East Germany), and examined the factors that affect these levels. The characteristics of homes were assessed by a questionnaire. The allergen levels were studied in dust from living rooms (LR), bedrooms (BR), and mattresses (MA). We detected in samples from Hamburg significantly higher allergen concentrations than in Erfurt: three times higher Der p 1, five times higher Der f 1, and three times higher Fel d 1. For Bla g 2, no comparison was possible because the concentrations were below the detection limit in 93% of the samples. Most of the differences could be explained by differences in housing and living characteristics between both cities. The mean ratio of Der p 1 levels in mattress dust between Hamburg and Erfurt decreased from 4.1 to 1.54 (NS) after adjustment for season, building material, age of the house, story of the dwelling, type of heating, age of carpet/mattress, presence of dogs, and indoor climate (temperature, humidity). The mean ratio of Der f 1 levels decreased from 6.9 to 2.78 (P<0.05) after adjustment for these factors. The mean ratio for Fel d 1 in mattress dust decreased fom 4.03 to 1.65 (P<0.05) after adjustment for season, building material, story of dwelling, size of dwelling, ventilation, cleaning routines, and pets. A similar reduction was seen for floor dust (LR plus BR). Our results indicate that the differences between the concentrations of mite and cat allergens found in Hamburg and Erfurt are explicable mainly, but not completely, by different building characteristics (age of houses, building material, story, and size of the dwelling) which affected the indoor climate, as well as by differences in other individual living habits (keeping of pets, age of carpets or mattresses, and cleaning routines).
__label__0, Fluticasone propionate aqueous nasal spray (FPANS) is a topically active glucocorticoid which has been successfully used for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR). Topical levocabastine is a highly selective H1 antagonist which has been proposed as an alternative treatment of SAR. The purpose of this study was to compare the clinical efficacy of two topical nasal treatments, FPANS and levocabastine, in the treatment of SAR. Additionally, the effect of treatments on nasal inflammation was examined during natural pollen exposure. A group of 288 adolescent and adult patients with at least a 2-year history of SAR to seasonal pollens participated in a multicenter, double-blind, double-dummy, and placebo-controlled study. Patients were treated with either FPANS 200 μg, once daily (n=97), or topical levocabastine, 200 μg, given twice daily (n=96), or matched placebo (n=95) for a period of 6 weeks, starting from the expected beginning of the pollen season. Clinically relevant pollens included Parietaria, olive, and grass. Assessment of efficacy was based on scores of daily nasal symptoms and on nasal cytology of nasal lavage. Nasal lavage was performed immediately before, during, and at the end of treatment in 39 patients. FPANS significantly increased the percentage of symptom-free days for nasal obstruction on waking and during the day, rhinorrhea, sneezing, and itching. FPANS provided a better control for night and day nasal obstruction (P<0.02 and P<0.01) and rhinorrhea (P<0.01) than levocabastine. In addition, fewer patients treated with FPANS used rescue medication (P<0.025). The percentage of eosinophils in nasal lavage was reduced only during treatment with FPANS. The results of this study indicate that FPANS 200 μg, once daily, provides a better clinical effect than levocabastine 200 μg, twice daily, in patients with SAR. Unlike levocabastine, FPANS significantly attenuates nasal eosinophilia during pollen exposure, a feature which may explain its therapeutic efficacy.
__label__0, Background: The reported association of allergy and sinusitis varies greatly between study, and the exact role of allergy in predisposing to sinusitis is not clear. We attempted to determine whether patients with perennial allergic rhinitis are at greater risk of developing sinusitis with respect to a control group, and to determine whether there is a correlation between rhinomanometry, endoscopy, and nasal swab, and computed tomography (CT) findings.
__label__0, Background: The role of dietary fats in food-related allergic symptoms is increasingly being investigated, since the pivotal role of fat-derived inflammatory substances, e.g., leukotrienes, has been realized. The objective of this study was to describe the fatty acid composition of several commercially available infant formulas that are used as substitutes for adapted cow's milk formulas.
__label__0, Recurrent vaginitis with eosinophilic infiltration was determined to be related to IgE-mediated latex sensitivity in a hospital worker.
__label__0, Background: Allergic reaction is characterized by a complex inflammatory process. Some of the new antihistamines have antiallergic effects and can affect the inflammatory cell recruitment via adhesion molecule downregulation. We aimed to assess in a 12-month study whether continuous treatment with an antihistamine (terfenadine) can reduce respiratory symptoms and local inflammation in children with mite allergy.
__label__0, Background: The aim of this paper was to investigate the role of SLPI in patients with allergic rhinitis. From this point of view, we also examined leukocyte elastase, α1-antitrypsin, and albumin.
__label__0, Background: This study aimed to investigate whether the hormone peaks of estrogen and progesterone could influence the extent of the allergic reaction in grass-pollen-allergic women.
__label__0, This double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre study investigated the ability of ebastine, 10 and 20 mg once daily, to control symptoms of perennial allergic rhinitis (PAR) over a 12-week period, and assessed additional benefits of the 20-mg dose. Following a 2-week baseline period, patients (12–63 years) were randomized to treatment with ebastine 10 mg (n=88) or 20 mg (n=102), or placebo (n=100). Patients scored symptom severity (0–3) twice daily, and mean changes from baseline scores showed ebastine to be significantly effective in week 1. Control of symptoms persisted over the 12 weeks, the average daily total nasal symptom score for nasal stuffiness plus nasal discharge plus sneezing plus itchy nose being reduced by both doses, with statistical significance at 20 mg (P=0.015 vs placebo) despite decreased usage of sodium cromoglycate rescue medications. Patient and clinician final opinions of treatment also significantly favoured ebastine, both 10 and 20 mg, over placebo. No serious adverse events occurred, and study treatments were well tolerated with a low incidence of central nervous system-related adverse events and headache. In conclusion, ebastine 10 or 20 mg once daily was rapidly effective in relieving symptoms of PAR in adult and adolescent patients; additional benefits of the 20-mg dose became apparent in the longer term.
__label__0, Recent research has elucidated many of the immunologic mechanisms that underlie atopic allergies. In particular, it has become clear that the role of CD4+ allergen-specific T cells is crucial for the induction of IgE and eosinophilia, factors that mediate the immediate hypersensitivity reaction and late-phase responses, respectively. Therefore, the reactivity patterns and activation requirements of allergen-specific T cells are important parameters for understanding and manipulating the allergic immune response. This review addresses these issues and discusses their relevance to the further development of allergy vaccines.
__label__0, “Is it asthma, doctor?” must be among the commonest questions asked by anxious parents of a wheezy child, and the paediatrician dealing with this problem must sigh for a simple answer to a superficially simple quest-ion. According to the simple (and excellent) definition of the Paediatric Consensus Group ( 1), asthma is “wheeze and/or cough in a setting where asthma is likely, and other, rarer, conditions have been excluded”. Therefore, if the child truly is wheezing (and this may be difficult to determine even in English, but much more so in languages with no word for “wheeze” [ 2]), then, by definition, the child has asthma – of a sort. However, it is abundantly clear that the word “asthma” covers a number of phenotypes (Crimi et al. [ 3], Table 1), and that refining my opening question would lead to the supplementary question, “Does my child have the sort of asthma that means his airways are inflamed, and that if he is not treated aggressively, his airways will undergo structural remodelling and later develop fixed airflow obstruction?” The difficulty is that we simply do not know how to answer that question.
__label__0, Numerous studies indicate that the prevalence of atopic disorders – bronchial asthma, atopic dermatitis, and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis – has increased worldwide over the last few decades ( 1, 2). This increase in the prevalence of atopic disorders has been assumed to depend on an interaction between genetic and environmental factors ( 3). The increase in allergy prevalence is particularly seen during childhood, since newborn infants and young children are more susceptible to the effects of environmental pollutants than adults ( 1).
__label__0, In this issue of Allergy, Montgomery et al. present results suggesting that neonatal care may have an impact on later development of hay fever ( 1). Thus, they have found that the odds for developing hay fever among infants spending their first night in a communal nursery, separated from their mothers, are 1.45. Although this association is weak, the increased risk is highly statistically significant. The authors consider that their results support the hypothesis tested, i.e., that the hand-ling of the infant during its first day of life has an influence on the pattern of exposure to various micro-organisms that may be important for later development of allergy.
__label__0, Background: Natural rubber latex (NRL) allergy in workers using rubber gloves has been an occupational health problem for the last 10 years. In the case of the occupational agents, clinical history may be far from conclusive; hence, appropriate provocation should be carried out. The objective was to evaluate the usefulness of the nasal challenge test in the diagnosis of allergic rhinitis in subjects occupationally exposed to NRL.
__label__0, Metal ions such as Ni2+, Co2+, Cu2+, or Cr3+ are haptens with a high immunogenic potential, as contact dermatitis caused by ionic metals occurs in about 10–15% of the human population. Since alloys containing Ni2+, Co2+, and Cr3+ are components of implants in replacement surgery, dentures, orthodontic wires, and various other devices, adverse reactions to metal ions create serious problems in practical medicine as incompatibility reactions to metal-containing biomaterials. On the other hand, contact dermatitis to metal ions such as Ni2+ is a well-established model for studying the molecular mechanisms involved in the recognition of haptens by the immune system. Although many investigations have been performed to elucidate the molecular interactions causing contact hypersensitivity in man, many aspects remain to be clarified. This review will focus on the experimental data accumulated so far on the immunologic mechanisms responsible for the recognition of metal ions by T cells and eliciting adverse immune reactions causing contact dermatitis.
__label__0, The “allergic march”, which refers to the natural history of atopic diseases, is characterized by a typical sequence of sensitization and manifestation of symptoms which appear during a certain age period, persist over years or decades, and often show a tendency for spontaneous remission with age.
__label__0, Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common skin disease which has been known from antiquity. According to the Roman biographer Suetonius, the emperor Augustus suffered from this disease ( 1). The increasing incidence of allergic diseases in general, and especially AD, has recently focused public interest on these diseases. Numerous articles and books by nonmedical professionals, various self-help groups for all kinds of allergic diseases, and even dedicated news groups on the Internet are stressing this phenomenon. The direct cost to treat these disorders, as in the charges of medical professionals and the cost of medication, as well as the indirect socioeconomic cost, e.g., as a result of lost working days, has been calculated to be several hundred million dollars every year in the US and the UK ( 2, 3), and the annual cost to society was put at 7 billion Deutschmarks in Germany ( 4). Despite intensive research and significant progress in the field of immunodermatology, a unifying pathogenetic concept of AD has still not been established.
__label__0, Allergic diseases basically are immunologic disorders related to the activation of a distinct cytokine pattern in T cells, including increased secretion of certain allergic inflammatory cytokines, particularly IL-4, IL-5, and/or IL-13 ( 1–3). Whereas the symptoms of immediate and late-type allergic reactions can be ameliorated by various pharmacologic treatments, allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) represents the only curative approach for specific type I allergy ( 4–9). SIT is most efficient in allergy to insect venoms and allergic rhinitis ( 4–9). However, the mechanism by which SIT achieves clinical improvement remained unclear until recently. A rise in allergen-blocking IgG antibodies, particularly of the IgG4 class ( 10, 11), the generation of IgE-modulating CD8+ T cells, and a reduction in the number of mast cells and eosinophils and release of mediators ( 12–14) were found to be associated with successful SIT. Furthermore, SIT was found to be associated with a decrease in IL-4 and IL-5 production by CD4+ T cells, and, in some cases, with a shift toward increased IFN-γ production ( 9, 15–22). However, it appeared that the induction of an unresponsive or anergic state in peripheral T cells and the reactivation of the response by cytokines from the tissue microenvironment are basic intermediate key steps in the mechanism of SIT ( 15–17). Thus, conditions of the immunologic microenvironment and production of cytokines by tissue cells may finally determine whether SIT will be successful or unsuccessful. Therefore, for successful and safe SIT, allergen variants should be created of which recognition sites for T cells remain intact, whereas binding sites for IgE antibodies are removed. Intact T-cell epitopes are required to enable the induction of specific T-cell tolerance or anergy against the antigen/allergen. Not only are the antibody or B-cell epitopes a prerequisite for elicitation of adverse reactions, but IgE antibodies also focus the allergen efficiently onto antigen-presenting B cells, which present it to T cells in a way that favors development of a Th2-dominated cytokine pattern.
__label__0, Several features have long suggested a strict relationship between the functional behavior of the host immune system and the pathobiology of interstitial lung diseases (ILDs). Most clinical manifestations of ILDs are secondary to the direct effect of the accumulation of activated immunocompetent cells in involved tissues, notably T cells, macrophages, or neutrophils. However, it is also believed that pathophysiologic events leading to the persistence and/or progression of the pulmonary disease are the same in most ILDs: the persistence of the causative agents and/or the imbalance of mechanisms for the removal of inflammatory cells favor a prolongation of inflammatory responses, the formation of pulmonary granulomas, and, in some cases, the development of irreversible fibrosis. Other characteristics which have captured the attention of immunologists are related to the fact that the development of some complications of ILDs, including the progression to fibrosis, are regulated by a complex cascade of interactions among T cells, accessory cells, and cytokines released by relevant immunocompetent cells.
__label__0, Background: In eastern Germany, the prevalence of allergies is lower than in western Germany for both children and adults. Several reasons for this fact have been discussed, although it is still not completely understood. One purpose of the epidemiologic study “Indoor and genetic factors in asthma and allergy” (INGA) is to compare exposure to mold spores in two German cities. Therefore, 405 homes in Erfurt (east) and Hamburg (west) were visited twice by trained investigators between June 1995 and May 1997.
__label__0, Serum measurement of ECP (eosinophil cationic protein) is used as an indication of eosinophil activation in diseases such as asthma. The levels are dependent on sample handling, since a certain amount of ECP is released during storage. The mechanisms that induce this in vitro release are not known, but are supposed to be related to the coagulation process. The aim of this study was to investigate this further. ECP was measured in EDTA plasma and serum at 22 and 37°C from healthy individuals and patients with asthma and allergy. The serum levels of ECP increased with temperature. Recalcification of citrated plasma in the presence of granulocytes with increasing concentrations of Ca2+ showed a dissociation between the levels of ECP and the occurrence of coagulation. Further experiments indicated that plasma coagulation is not of any importance for the degranulation of eosinophils, nor did the addition of platelets or mononuclear cells affect the ECP levels. Incubations of granulocytes with fresh or frozen plasma and Ca2+suggested the existence of a freezing labile factor in plasma, necessary for the degranulation of healthy eosinophils, but not for allergic/asthmatic eosinophils. Further experiments with pure eosinophils indicated the existence of factors in serum and plasma which facilitate ECP secretion of an active, temperature-dependent nature. We conclude that the raised ECP levels in serum, as compared to EDTA plasma, are unrelated to the coagulation process, but are due to the continuous secretion ex vivo of ECP from active eosinophils. This process is time and temperature dependent and may be facilitated by eosinophil-activating components in the extracellular environment.
__label__0, Background: Previous studies have suggested that sensitivity to Alternaria and Cladosporium may be risk factors for life-threatening asthma. We have investigated this by studying the relationship between skin tests for fungal spores and admission to an intensive care unit (ICU) for asthma.
__label__0, Background: We measured specific IgE levels against the recombinant allergens (RAs) rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, rPhl p 5 in patients allergic to grass pollen, and examined the existence of different patterns of IgE production to RAs. The seasonal variations of IgE levels to rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, and rPhl p 5 were considered, too.
__label__0, Background: There is growing concern about the respiratory health aspects of the indoor air quality in schools.
__label__0, Backround: Patients allergic to natural rubber latex (NRL) frequently show positive skin prick tests (SPT) and hypersensitivity reactions to various fruits, such as avocado, banana, and kiwi, as well as to vegetables such as potato.
__label__0, The existence of a dose-response relationship between indoor allergen exposure and sensitization has been widely described, but the effect of allergen exposure on asthma activity (symptoms, bronchial hyperresponsiveness [BHR], and inflammation) is not clear. Our aim was to determine the existence of an association among current exposure to mite allergens and symptoms, BHR, and airway inflammation assessed in blood and sputum from asthmatic patients sensitized to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus. We selected 31 mild and recently diagnosed (12–24 months) asthma patients sensitized to D. pteronyssinus. Allergenic exposure (Der p 1, Der 2) was assessed by a commercial assay based on monoclonal antibodies (mAb), carried out on the dust samples collected from patients' beds in a standardized way. Patients completed an asthma symptom questionnaire and underwent skin tests, methacholine bronchial challenge, and sputum induction. Sputum cell profile was analyzed and eosinophil cationic protein (ECP), tryptase, albumin, and interleukin(IL)-5 levels were quantified in sputum supernatant. Total eosinophil numbers and ECP levels were measured in blood samples. Most patients were exposed to Der p 1 levels under 2 μg/g of dust. Der p 1 exposure was higher among the subjects with positive sputum tryptase detection (P=0.020). Der p 1 levels showed a trend toward correlation with asthma symptoms (P=0.066, r=0.36) and correlated with sputum tryptase levels (P=0.032, r=0.42). No relationship between BHR, eosinophilic inflammation, and allergenic exposure was found. Our results suggest that asthma symptoms and lung mast-cell activation are at least partially dependent on current allergen exposure. The lack of correlation between mite exposure, eosinophilic inflammation, and BHR supports the role of other factors that enhance the immunologic response initiated by allergen, increasing the activity of asthma.
__label__0, Background: In patients with cow's milk protein intolerance (CMPI), delayed clinical reactions to cow's milk (CM) ingestion may be misdiagnosed if the clinical symptoms are not “classical” and there is a long time lapse between ingestion of CM and the clinical reaction. The aim was to evaluate the clinical outcome of CMPI in a cohort of CM-intolerant children, with particular attention to the occurrence of clinical manifestations beyond 72 h after CM challenge.
__label__0, Background: In recent years, a histamine-releasing anti-FcεRIα autoantibody has been demonstrated in about one-third of patients with chronic urticaria. However, its clinical significance is still unclear. The objective was to detect a possible correlation between the occurrence of the anti-FcεRIα autoantibody and the clinical type or cause of urticaria.
__label__0, The present investigation aimed to determine to what extent maternal helminth infection primes parasite-specific cellular responsiveness in neonates. Umbilical cord mononuclear blood cells (UCBC) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from mothers proliferated in response to mitogenic stimulation with concanavalin A, as well as to bacterial Streptococcus pyogenes-derived (streptolysin O) and helminth-specific antigens of Necator americanus and Onchocerca volvulus. Cellular responses to Echinococcus multilocularis (Em) and Oesophagostomum bifurcum (Oes), helminth parasites not endemic in the study area, were absent (for Em) or very low (for Oes due to antigenic cross-reactivity). Cellular responsiveness to mitogen and antigens was higher in mothers than in their neonates. Several Th1-type (IL-2, IL-12, and IFN-γ) and Th2-type (IL-5 and IL-10) cytokines were produced by UCBC from neonates and PBMC from mothers. Low levels of IFN-γ were elicited by UCBC in response to helminth and bacterial antigens, while secretion of IL-2 was pronounced and similarly high in neonates and their mothers. Amounts of IL-5 produced by UCBC in response to bacterial SL-O and mitogenic stimulation (PHA) were low, but equivalent levels of IL-5 were induced by intestinal helminth and filaria-derived antigens in neonates and mothers. A pronounced production of IL-10 and IL-12 by UCBC was observed – spontaneous IL-10 and IL-12 secretion by UCBC was higher in neonates than by PBMC from mothers. Net amounts of IL-10 elicited by helminth antigens were similar, while net IL-12 in response to mitogen, and bacterial and helminth antigens was significantly higher in mothers than their offspring. Our results indicate that human maternal helminth infection does sensitize in utero for parasite-specific cellular responsiveness in offspring, and also activates specific production of several cytokines, and such children do not present a dominant expression of immunity of either Th1 or Th2.
__label__0, Background:Cases of occupational asthma have been reported in condom factories in the UK and France, but there has been no epidemiologic studyof groups of workers in such factories. This investigation aimed to study the prevalence of symptoms in a Swedish condom factory, to determine groupsat special risk, and to suggest preventive measures.
__label__0, Background: Sunflower seed contains 2S albumins that in other crops have been associated with allergenicity. The sunflower seed methionine-rich 2S albumin (SSA) may be an IgE-binding protein responsible for anaphylactic reactions in some sunflower seed-sensitive subjects. The objective was to demonstrate that SSA is an IgE-binding protein.
__label__0, The role of IgE in eosinophil recruitment and bronchial hyperresponsiveness has been extensively studied with murine models of inflammation. Many investigators using various knockout models have clearly shown that both IgE-dependent and -independent pathways play a role in eosinophil recruitment and bronchial hyperresponsiveness after allergen challenge, illustrating the complexity of airways inflammation. The expression of this response is likely to involve many interacting pathways, and it will be a considerable challenge to determine key points within these pathways that will yield novel targets for future therapeutic strategies.
__label__0, The alveolar macrophage (AM), a major defense cell in the lung, participates in immune and inflammatory reactions through the release of several regulatory and chemotactic cytokines. In particular, macrophages are considered to play a pivotal proinflammatory role in the production and maintenance of airway inflammation and bronchial hyperreactivity. To assess the phenotypic pattern of AM from asthmatic subjects, we performed the following experiments:
__label__0, Asthma is a complex inflammatory disease of the lung characterized by variable airflow obstruction, bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and airway inflammation. Inflammation in asthma consists of airway infiltration by mast cells, lymphocytes, and eosinophils. There is accumulating evidence that CD4+ lymphocytes with a Th2-cytokine pattern play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of asthma. These cells orchestrate the recruitment and activation of the primary effector cells of the allergic response (mast cells and eosinophils), through the release of cytokines such as IL-4, IL-5, and IL-13. Allergic inflammation is also implicated in airway epithelium changes, although the mechanisms by which inflammatory cells and, in particular, T cells interact with the epithelium are not completely clarified. This paper explores the role of T cells in the allergic inflammation of asthma.
__label__0, Background: Many studies have attempted to identify an association between HLA genes and atopy, given the role of HLA molecules in the regulation of the immune response. In the case of house-dust mites, it is difficult to find an association with a particular HLA allele, due to the complexity of the allergen. The objective was to investigate whether HLA-DRB1 functional groups are better correlated with the atopic disease in our population than DRB1 alleles.
__label__0, Background: In epidemiologic studies, it may be difficult to identify children with bronchial asthma. Since this is the most common chronic respiratory disease in childhood, and its prevalence is still increasing, reliable methods for identification of asthmatic children are required. This study evaluates the use of urinary eosinophil protein X (U-EPX) in epidemiologic studies in identifying atopic and asthmatic children.
__label__0, Background: In this study, repeated measurements were made of levels of mold spores, bacteria, and dust-mite allergens over a 7-month period in the homes of asthmatics, and relationships with measures of asthma severity were evaluated.
__label__0, Background: Children frequently experience harmful whealing and delayed papules from mosquito bites. Whealing is mediated by antisaliva IgE antibodies and histamine, but the effect of antihistamines on mosquito-bite symptoms has not been evaluated in children.
__label__0, The relationship between long-term exposure to air pollutants, especially with regard to photochemical air pollutants, and asthma prevalence in developed countries is controversial. The objective of this cross-sectional survey was to compare mean levels of the main gaseous air pollutants and prevalence rates of rhinitis, asthma, and asthmatic symptoms. It included 2445 children from the 8th and 9th school grades who had been living for at least 3 years in an area where some communities undergo the heaviest photochemical exposure in France. Data on rhinitis, asthmatic symptoms, and asthma prevalence were gathered with the ISAAC paper and video questionnaires. The relation between level of air pollutants and asthma was assessed first by comparison of crude prevalence rates (chi-square test), and then by simple regression analysis and multiple logistic regression analysis. No consistent association between mean SO2 and NO2 levels, and prevalence of rhinitis, asthma, or asthmatic symptoms could be demonstrated. In contrast, there were statistically significant associations between prevalence of asthmatic symptoms and mean ozone (O3) concentration. The interpretation of such findings is not straightforward, as these symptoms can be interpreted either as respiratory irritation due to exposure to nonspecific airway stimuli or as a true asthmatic state. Additional studies are required to clarify this important issue. In conclusion, this large cross-sectional epidemiologic survey performed in an area of high photochemical air pollution did demonstrate statistically significant associations between the prevalence of asthmatic symptoms and mean O3 concentration.
__label__0, Background: We report a case of hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HP) in a 17-year-old male student caused by Fusarium napiforme found in his home environment.
__label__0, xxBackground: Measurement of airborne allergens has hitherto been done with the use of fixed-location pumps or personal air samplers. Our objective was to find out whether ionizers could be good tools for collecting airborne allergens. As a model we have used cat allergen (Fel d 1). We have compared Fel d 1 levels collected by the ionizer at different time periods, as well as comparing Fel d 1 levels obtained with the ionizer with those of low- and high-volume pumps.
__label__0, Background: This study aimed to evaluate the cumulative incidence, point prevalence, and severity of atopic dermatitis (AD) in a pediatric population. We also aimed to identify differential diagnoses relevant to AD in this population.
__label__0, Background: Allergens in Plantago lanceolata have not been characterized yet. The objective was to characterize some plantain-pollen allergens and to investigate the cross-reactivity between plantain and grass pollens.
__label__0, Background: Buckwheat (BW) has been recognized as a common food allergen in Korea, Japan, and other countries. Until now, serologic findings of BW food-allergic patients and its major allergenic components have not been clarified. In this study, we analyzed the serologic findings of BW food allergy and characterized its major allergenic components.
__label__0, Background: There is accumulating evidence that theophylline has anti-inflammatory or immunomodulatory effects. This may be, in part, mediated via an upregulation in the production of the anti-inflammatory cytokine interleukin (IL)-10. We determined whether low-dose theophylline (LDT) would increase the production of IL-10, and attenuate the production of proinflammatory cytokines by alveolar macrophages.
__label__0, Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic inflammatory skin disease which often begins in infancy and runs a course of remission and exacerbation. The acute eczematous lesions of AD are characterized by erythema, oozing, and crusting, whereas the chronic lesions show thickened skin and papules. Furthermore, pruritus and sleeplessness are characteristics of AD (1).
__label__0, Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) appears to be acceptably safe in clinical trials, but post-marketing data are needed to provide essential information. This study specificall_y evaluated the safety of commercial SLIT in adult patients in a post-marketing phase.
__label__0, Background: Although the association between acute asthma exacerbation and viral infection has been well documented, virus identification rates vary. It has recently been reported that the expression of MxA protein in lymphocytes, inducible by type I interferons, can serve as a sensitive marker for viral infection in the host. The objective was to determine the contribution of viral infection to precipitation of asthma attacks in children.
__label__0, This paper is a brief review of thermally induced covalent modifications to proteins in foods, focussing mainly on the advanced glycation end-products (AGE) of the Maillard reaction. Most foods are subjected to thermal processing, either in the home or during their production/manufacture. Thermal processing provides many beneficial effects, but also brings about major changes in allergenicity. Far from being a general way to decrease allergenic risk, thermal processing is as likely to increase allergenicity as to reduce it, through the introduction of neoantigens. These changes are highly complex and not easily predictable, but there are a number of major chemical pathways that lead to distinct patterns of modification. Perhaps the most important of these is through the reaction of protein amino groups with sugars, leading to an impressive cocktail of AGE-modified protein derivatives. These are antigenic and many of the important neoantigens found in cooked or stored foods are probably such Maillard reaction products. A deeper understanding of thermally induced chemical changes is essential for more advanced risk assessments, more effective QC protocols, production of more relevant diagnostic allergen extracts and the development of novel protein engineering and therapeutic approaches to minimise allergenic risk.
__label__0, The aim of the study was to develop and evaluate different methods of double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenge (DBPCFC) with apple. Three different DBPCFC models were evaluated: fresh apple juice, freshly grated apple, and freeze-dried apple powder. All challenges were performed outside the pollen season and took place from 1997 to 1999. The freeze-dried apple material was characterized by means of leukocyte histamine release (HR), skin prick test (SPT), and immunoblotting experiments. The study population consisted of birch pollen-allergic patients with a history of rhinitis in the birch-pollen season and positive specific IgE to birch. For comparison of the DBPCFC models, 65 patients with a positive open oral challenge with apple were selected. In the characterization of the freeze-dried apple material, 46 birch pollen-allergic patients were included. The IgE reactivity to apple was evaluated by measurement of specific IgE, HR, and SPT. Golden Delicious apples were used in all experiments. The results of this study showed that it was possible to perform DBPCFC with apple in birch pollen-allergic individuals. The model with freshly squeezed apple juice had a low sensitivity and displayed a high frequency of reactions to placebo, probably due to the ingredients used for blinding. The sensitivity of the models with freshly grated apple and freeze-dried apple powder was 0.74/0.60. An increase in sensitivity is desirable. The freeze-dried apple powder proved to be useful for SPT, HR, and oral challenges, but further investigation of the stability and the allergenic profile of the material is needed.
__label__0, Background: Local antigen presentation may be necessary for both primary and recall T-cell responses to grass pollen in hay fever patients. We examined the effect of seasonal allergen exposure on nasal mucosal antigen-presenting cell (APC) populations and the effects of topical corticosteroid therapy.
__label__0, Background: Most previous studies on eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) have been performed on carefully selected groups of asthmatic patients. Few studies based upon population cohorts have been reported. The primary objective of the present study was to assess the usefulness of serum eosinophil cationic protein (s-ECP) in the diagnosis of asthma in schoolchildren and determine reference values based on measurements in healthy children.
__label__0, Background: The present study aimed to estimate the prevalence of adverse reactions to milk, as population-based prevalence estimates based on objective diagnostic procedures are rare.
__label__0, Background: It has been suggested that pregnancy and early life may influence the development of asthma in the offspring, but published studies have not carefully controlled for potential biases.
__label__0, In the current issue of Allergy the European Academy of Allergology and Clinical Immunology publish their position paper concerning nomenclature in allergology. It was already some time ago that the nomenclature was adapted, and it was felt by some EAACI members that in view of the increased knowledge about the allergological mechanisms, and the sometimes confusing terminology used today by allergologists and organ specialists, a revision of the nomenclature was necessary.
__label__0, In the treatment of allergic disorders, specific immunotherapy (SIT) occupies a central role as the only currently available causal method of treatment. The concept of “local immunotherapy” includes all nonsubcutaneous forms of SIT, which are used to treat allergic disorders such as rhinitis and asthma. Nasal, bronchial, oral and sublingual administration of allergen extracts is regarded as local immunotherapy (LIT). Attempts were made very early to produce tolerance to certain allergens by the oral route. Dakin reported in1829 that North American Indians regularly chewed small amounts of leaves of the “poison ivy” (Rhus toxicodendron) in order to prevent or weaken the severe dermatitides that occur after contact with this plant (Dakin, 1829 quoted after (1)). In 1900, 11 years before the first work on subcutaneous immunotherapy, Curtis published an article about the efficacy of oral allergen-specific immunotherapy (OIT) in hay fever (2). This was followed five years later by other reports about the success of OIT in cow's milk allergy (3). In the 1920s and 1930s, too, reports of positive experiences with this method appeared again and again. However, a negative, multicentre comparative study of ragweed pollinosis (4) (in which, interestingly, good results were reported in children!) severely limited the use of OIT in adults in the Anglo-Saxon countries. In the early 1950s, Schuppli in Basel, Switzerland took up OIT again. His positive results in children ensured that this method soon became widespread (5–12). New methods of local application were sought, because various studies in recent years showed that OIT is clearly inferior to allergen-specific subcutaneous (injected) immunotherapy (SIT) with regard to both clinical and immunological efficacy.
__label__0, Antigen in complex with antibodies elicits profoundly different antibody responses than does antigen alone (1). Small amounts of passively administered, as well as actively produced, antibodies can cause complete suppression or more than a 1000-fold enhancement of antibody responses to the antigens to which they bind. An important feature of feedback regulation is that it is antigen- but not epitope-specific. This means that when an animal is immunized with e.g. immunoglobulin (Ig)G anti-TNP (trinitrophenyl) and TNP-BSA (bovine serum albumin) and an unrelated antigen such as ovalbumin (OVA), responses to both TNP and BSA, but not to OVA, will be regulated. Although the antibody feedback regulation was described already over 100 years ago (2), the molecular mechanisms behind the phenomenon remain elusive. An immune complex is composed of antigen, antibody, and, when the antibody is of a complement-activating class, complement factors and can bind to B-cell receptors (BCR) as well as to Fc- and complement-receptors. Ligation and coligation of these receptors can affect cell activation, both negatively and positively. Cocrosslinking of BCR and FcγRIIB (CD32) leads to inhibition of B-cell activation through an ITIM (immuno-receptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif) in the cytoplasmic tail of FcγRIIB (3). When an ITIM is brought in close contact with other receptors containing ITAMs (immuno-receptor tyrosine-based activation motifs), such as the BCR, T-cell receptor (TCR), FcγRI (CD64), FcγRIIA (CD32), FcγRIII (CD16) and FcεRI, it inhibits cell activation through the latter. Other explanations for antibody-mediated suppression may be that immune complexes are eliminated via Fc- or complement-receptor-mediated phagocytosis before they are able to elicit an antibody response, or even more simple, that antibodies mask antigenic epitopes, thereby preventing B cells from recognizing and responding to the antigen. Feedback enhancement of antibody responses on the other hand, may take place by cocrosslinking BCR and the complement-receptor 2 (CD21)/CD19-complex, known to lower the threshold for B-cell activation more than 100-fold (4). Immune complexes are also endocytosed efficiently by antigen-presenting cells (APCs) and increased presentation of antigen to T-helper cells may indirectly facilitate antibody production. In addition, follicular dendritic cells (FDCs) can capture immune complexes and present them to B cells. Given this multitude of possibilities for antibodies to interfere with responses to antigen, it is not surprising that identification of the mechanisms involved has proven to be a difficult task.
__label__0, Links between viral respiratory tract infections and asthma have been recognized for over 40 years, but there has been a considerable increase in interest and research into this topic over the last decade. This interest has been fuelled by the significant rise in the prevalence of asthma in many countries and by new insights into interactions between infection and allergy and how this affects the developing immune system. Many studies have been published exploring the associations between asthma and infection often resulting in contradictory findings. On the one hand some studies have suggested that infections in early childhood protect against the later development of allergic diseases (1) such as asthma – the so-called ‘hygiene hypothesis’. On the other hand there are also studies linking early life respiratory tract infections to an increased risk of asthma in later life, suggesting that viral infections may promote allergic sensitization and the development of asthma. The aim of this article therefore is to explore the complex interactions that exist between childhood viral respiratory tract infections and the development of asthma.
__label__0, Many works have dealt with the study of the allergenic relevance of profilin from allergenic extracts, mainly derived from pollens and vegetable foods. Olive pollen extracts also contain a profilin allergen (Ole e 2). This protein has been characterized in detail, so the aminoacid sequence of three isoforms and the structural model of one of them are already known. The prevalence of Ole e 2 for olive allergenic patients has been evaluated by different in vivo and in vitro methods, and the results compared with those obtained for another pollen profilins.
__label__0, Background: Patients with food allergy (FA) have been recently shown to develop bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR), despite the absence of any concomitant asthmatic manifestation. In order to explain this observation, we sought to examine the presence of a bronchial inflammation in induced sputum of nonasthmatic patients with FA.
__label__0, Background: This study aimed the to investigate presence of residual allergenic cow's milk proteins (CMP) in some milk substitutes employed in the treatment of cow's milk allergy (CMA). These allergens may interfere with the treatment, and elicit allergic reactions in sensitized individuals.
__label__0, Background: Although corn is often cited as an allergenic food, very few studies have been devoted to the identification of corn allergens and corn allergy has been rarely confirmed by double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenge (DBPCFC). Recently, Pastorello et al. (1) identified some salt-soluble IgE-binding proteins of corn flour as potential allergens. One of these, corresponding to corn Lipid Transfer Protein (LTP), appeared to be the major one. The aim of this study was to verify the clinical significance of the skin prick test (SPT) and CAP-FEIA CAP-System IgE fluozoenzyme immunosorbent assay (Pharmacia Diagnostic, Uppsala, Sweden) positivities to corn and to identify the presence of IgE-binding proteins in the corn flour salt-insoluble protein fractions (comprising up to 96% of the total protein) using sera of patients with DBPCFC-documented food allergy to corn. In addition the effect of cooking and proteolytic digestion on the corn allergens was investigated.
__label__0, Background: Synthetic bedding has been associated with increased child wheeze and also higher allergen levels in several studies. We aimed to examine whether the association between synthetic bedding and adverse respiratory outcomes was more evident among skin-prick test (SPT) positive children.
__label__0, Background: Cytokines liberated by TH2 cells play crucial roles in the pathogenesis of bronchial asthma. Recent studies have demonstrated that CC chemokine receptor (CCR)4 is preferentially expressed by TH2 cells. These facts suggest possible involvement of two CCR4-specific ligands i.e., thymus and activation-regulated chemokine (TARC) and macrophage-derived chemokine (MDC), in the pathogenesis of bronchial asthma via recruitment of TH2 cells to inflammatory sites. We investigated the levels of TARC and MDC in the serum and induced sputum of asthmatics.
__label__0, Background: The aim of this work was to describe clinical similarities and differences between allergic and nonallergic asthmatics, notably concerning the nasosinusal involvement.
__label__0, Background: IgE-dependent triggering of basophils not only elicits the release of different mediators but also the up-regulation of certain markers, e.g. CD63, which can be detected by flow cytometry. We intended to investigate if flow cytometric analysis of basophil activation could be a valuable tool in the diagnosis of latex allergy, and to evaluate if the basophil activation test (BAT) could be helpful in determining the clinical significance of a positive latex IgE in individuals with negative history and negative latex skin test. Additionally we aimed to determine the role of cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (CCDs) in causing positive latex IgE without apparent clinical significance.
__label__0, Background: Acidic oxidative potential water (AOPW) is strongly acidic, and contains active oxygen species and thus exhibits an oxidative potential to cause biochemical alterations of wheat proteins.
__label__0, Background: Rat basophilic leukemia (RBL-2H3) cells are well characterized in terms of morphological and biochemical changes upon activation, and have been extensively used as a model system for studying the mechanisms of the immediate hypersensitivity reaction. To investigate whether overexpression of heat shock/stress proteins (HSP) is involved in the mast cell-dependent reactivity, we examined the adaptive responses of RBL-2H3 cells to classical stress conditions such as heat shock or oxidative injury produced by an aqueous extract of tobacco smoke.
__label__0, It is a great pleasure for me to formally welcome Prof Jean Bosquet to join me as Editor-in-Chief of Allergy from this issue onwards. The intention is that we should work closely together during this fall; I will close Allergy Volume 57 and Prof Bousquet will prepare for Volume 58.
__label__0, Background: Formaldehyde (FA) is well documented as a cause of occupational asthma. Recently, attention has been paid to FA as an allergen and a pollutant that enhances allergic sensitization. We have investigated the prevalence of FA-specific IgE in asthmatic children and the correlation between IgE sensitization to FA and the severity of asthma.
__label__0, Background: Mustard allergy accounts for 1.1% of food allergies in children. However, double-blind placebo-controlled food challenge trials (DB PCFCs) have not yet been proposed.
__label__0, Introduction: To date we have available specific instruments assessing health-related quality of life (HRQL) in rhinoconjunctivitis or in asthma, but not instruments evaluating rhinitis and asthma together, although they often coexist. The aim of our study was to develop and validate a specific quality of life (QoL) questionnaire for adult patients with rhinoconjunctivitis, asthma or both.
__label__0, Background: Predatory mites are used as biological pesticides worldwide for control of spider mites and other pests in greenhouses. The aim of this study was to investigate if predatory and spider mites give rise to sensitization among greenhouse workers who use biological pesticides.
__label__0, Background: Several studies have attempted to assess nasal nitric oxide (NO) levels in allergic rhinitis (AR). However, there seem to be differences in the results obtained. We therefore wanted to investigate this further by studying airway NO in AR and controls at several modalities, and also the effect of intranasal administration of the nitric oxide synthase (NOS) inhibitorNG-nitro-l-arginine-methyl ester·HCl (l-NAME).
__label__0, Background: Hyper-immunoglobulin E (IgE) syndrome is a complex immune deficiency characterized by chronic eczematous dermatitis, recurrent staphylococcal infections, pneumatoceles, reduced neutrophil chemotaxis, and variably impaired T cell function. Although decreased interferon-γ (IFN-γ) production in patients with hyper-IgE syndrome is pointed out and known as a cause of reduced neutrophil chemotaxis, precise mechanism of their inadequate production of IFN-γ remains unknown. To elucidate the pathogenesis of the defective production of IFN-γ in patients with hyper-IgE syndrome, we assessed the in vitro production and secretion of IFN-γ by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from patients with hyper-IgE syndrome.
__label__0, Background: Alternative splicing of the interleukin-5 receptor alpha (IL-5Rα)-subunit leads to the generation of a signalling, membrane-anchored (TM) isoform, or a secreted [soluble (SOL)], antagonistic variant. Given the key role of IL-5 in eosinophil function, we investigated SOL IL-5Rα expression pattern in an eosinophil-associated disease such as nasal polyposis (NP).
__label__0, Background: Multiple drug allergy syndrome is a clinical condition characterized by reactions against more than one different class of, both pharmacologically and structurally, unrelated drugs. Scanty data are available to date about a multiple drug delayed hypersensitivity syndrome. Our aim was to report the case of a delayed reaction to both β-methasone (β-MT) and penicillin-G (pen-G) occurring in the same patient, and analyse β-MT- and pen-G-specific T-cell Lines (TCLs) with regard to their specificity, phenotype and cytokine profile.
__label__0, Background: The long-term effect of early feeding on atopic sensitization is still unsolved. The aim of this study was to evaluate the long-term effect of breastfeeding on atopy in groups of 4-year-old children stratified by atopic heredity.
__label__0, Objective: To assess time trends in symptoms of asthma, allergic rhinitis, and atopic eczema among children in Münster, Germany.
__label__0, Background: Eotaxin-2/CCL24 is a potent eosinophil attractant that has been implicated in the recruitment of eosinophils in allergic disease. We have investigated whether the cytokines interleukin (IL)-4, IL-13, and interferon (IFN)-gamma regulate eotaxin-2/CCL24 in nasal polyps.
__label__0, Background: Noninvasive surrogate markers provide valuable information on the asthmatic inflammatory process. We wished to examine the effects of low dose fluticasone/salmeterol combination on different commonly used inflammatory markers in moderate persistent asthma.
__label__0, Background: Bakery workers may develop IgE-mediated allergy to liquid and aerosolized hen's egg proteins that are commonly used in the baking and confectionery industries.
__label__0, The aim of this study was to investigate the role of immunoglobulin E (IgE) in the late phase reaction (LPR) of murine experimental asthma. Our model consisted of an implant of DNP-conjugated, heat-coagulated hen's egg white (DNP-EWI), followed 14 days later by an intratracheal challenge with aggregated DNP-ovalbumin. Airway inflammation was analyzed 48 h after challenge and compared with a similarly immunized group of mice with highly suppressed humoral response due to anti-μ and anti-δ antibody treatment. Total number of cells in the bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) (with predominance of eosinophils) and EPO activity in the lung homogenate were increased in the DNP-EWI-immunized group compared with immunosuppressed or nonimmunized mice. However, the cellular infiltration and EPO activity observed in the immunosuppressed group were still significantly above those obtained in the nonimmunized group, indicating that inhibition of antibody production did not completely prevent the inflammatory manifestations in BAL and lung. Airway hyperresponsiveness to methacoline was obtained in DNP-EWI-immunized mice, but the respiratory mechanical parameters returned to normal levels in the immunosuppressed group. When these mice were reconstituted with monoclonal anti-DNP antibodies, only IgE, but not IgG1, restored lung inflammation and decreased the conductance of the respiratory system, therefore, increasing hyperresponsiveness. These results indicate that antibodies are not essential for induction of LPR in the lung. However, IgE enhances pulmonary inflammation and hyperresponsiveness.
__label__0, Background: We cultured Dermatophagoides farinae (Df), one of the most common mites in house dust and the most important allergen among natural allergens. With this material, we attempted to produce an animal model of the atopic eczema/dermatitis syndrome (AEDS).
__label__0, The definition of probiotics is always evolving, since it includes natural live micro-organisms, cellular subfractions, as well as genetically engineered derivatives or proteins. The scope of probiotic administration is beneficial change of the intestinal microflora, and improvement of non immune or immune resistance in the intestinal tract. Very few controlled human studies have been reported, but many in vitro and experimental animal studies point to their safety and potentially useful applications. We shall review the published reports and discuss mainly the prospective uses in the field of allergic diseases, with reference to the implication of the natural (innate) immune system as regulator of the development of abnormal responses to ingested food antigens.
__label__0, Respiratory allergic diseases such as rhinitis and bronchial asthma appear to be increasing worldwide, affecting in particular subjects living in urban areas, and the reasons for this increase are still largely unknown. Although the role played by air pollution has yet to be clarified, a body of evidence suggests that urbanization, with its high levels of vehicle emissions and a westernised lifestyle are linked to the rising frequency of these diseases observed in most industrialized countries. Laboratory studies confirm the epidemiological evidence that inhalation of some pollutants, either individually or in combination, adversely affect lung function in asthmatics. Air pollutants may not only increase the frequency and intensity of symptoms in already allergic patients but may promote airway sensitization to airborne allergens in predisposed subjects. By attaching to the surface of pollen grains and of plant-derived paucimicronic particles, pollutants can modify the morphology of these antigen-carrying agents and alter their allergenic potential. In addition, by inducing airway inflammation, pollutants may overcome the mucosal barrier and so ‘prime’ allergen-induced responses. In other words airway mucosal damage and impaired mucociliary clearance induced by air pollution may facilitate the access of inhaled allergens to the cells of the immune system.
__label__0, At the dawn of the Information Age, the practice of evidence-based decision making (EBDM) is still hindered by many important barriers related to the decision makers, to the evidence per se or to the health system. Some of these barriers, particularly those related to the distillation, dissemination and packaging of research evidence, could be overcome by recent and ongoing developments in portable/wearable computers, internet appliances, multimedia and wireless broadband internet traffic. This article describes specific EBDM-related tools, with emphasis on internet-enabled “how to” books; and tools to improve the quality of reporting research, to formulate questions; to search for evidence; to access journals, systematic reviews and guidelines; to interact with organizations promoting EBDM; and to tailor evidence to individual cases. However, thinking that all barriers to the practice of EBDM could be solved by fancy information technology is naïve. Barriers related to the generation, interpretation, integration and use of the evidence demand more complex and perhaps unfeasible solutions, as overcoming them will require substantial changes in the structure of the health system, in the politics of science and in the way in which humans think and behave.
__label__0, The aims of this study were to determine the prevalence of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), to describe the different mutations in the population, to determine its prevalence, and to study inheritance patterns in families of G6PD-deficient individuals. All infants born at Tawam Hospital, Al-Ain, UAE from January 1994 to September 1996 were screened at birth for their G6PD status. In addition, those attending well-baby clinics during the period were also screened for the disorder. Families of 40 known G6PD-deficient individuals, selected randomly from the records of three hospitals in the country, were assessed for G6PD deficiency. Where appropriate, this was followed by definition of G6PD mutations. Of 8198 infants, 746 (9.1%), comprising 15% of males and 5% of females tested, were found to be G6PD deficient. A total of 27 families were further assessed: of these, all but one family had the nt563 Mediterranean mutation. In one family, two individuals had the nt202 African mutation. The high manifestation of G6PD deficiency in women may be due to the preferential expression of the G6PD-deficient gene and X-inactivation of the normal gene, and/or to the presence of an ‘enhancer’ gene that makes the expression of the G6PD deficiency more likely. The high level of consanguinity which, theoretically, should result in a high proportion of homozygotes and consequently a higher proportion of females with the deficiency, was not found to be a significant factor.
__label__0, The concurrence of a short arm isochromosome and a translocation of the entire long arm of the same chromosome to a telomere of another chromosome, implying trisomy for 4p, 5p, 7p, 9p, 10p or 12p, has been described in 13 patients. We have now used fluorescence in situ hybrization (FISH) to better characterize one of these rearrangements in which 12q was translocated to 8pter, whereas 12p was converted into an isochromosome. An alphoid centromere-12 repeat gave a strong signal on the i(12p) and a weak but distinct signal at the breakpoint junction of the der(8), whereas the pantelomeric probe revealed three clear hybridization sites on the der(8): one at each end and another at the breakpoint junction. These findings suggest that the prime event was a post-fertilization centric fission of chromosome 12 leading to the 12q translocation via a real centromere–telomere fusion and the i(12p). Alternatively, the crucial event may have been a centromere–telomere recombination. An interstitial telomere has been documented by means of FISH at the breakpoint junction of the sole derivative usually present in 20 constitutional translocations including eight with a jumping behavior. In addition, six other telomeric translocations defined by banding methods, including another case of 12q translocation/i(12p), have also been jumping ones. These telomeric translocations have been de novo events and their proneness to exhibit a jumping behavior appears to be independent of the involved chromosomes, size of the translocated segments, and concomitant abnormalities.
__label__0, We review five cryptic duplications of 21q in patients with Down syndrome (DS) that were inherited from parental balanced translocations. All cases were identified by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) and/or DNA diagnosis because the phenotype was inconsistent with the initial cytogenetic studies. These rearrangements seem to escape detection without expanded testing and are probably more frequent than expected. For this reason we propose a series of steps combining objective clinical diagnostic criteria, FISH and DNA methods to achieve an accurate ascertainment.
__label__0, Niemann–Pick type D (NPD) disease is a severe degenerative disorder of the nervous system characterized by the accumulation of tissue cholesterol and sphingomyelin. Because of a founder effect, it is unusually common in southwestern Nova Scotia, Canada. We have confirmed that almost all patients from 20 affected sibships descended on both sides from a small group of Acadians who settled in this region in about the year 1767. Previously using classic linkage analysis of this large kindred, we defined the critical gene region to a 13-cM chromosome segment between D18S869 and D18S66. Seven ESTs have been positioned within this interval. Carstea et al. (Niemann–Pick C disease gene: homology to mediators of cholesterol homeostasis. Science 1997: 277: 232–235) recently demonstrated that one of these ESTs is the Niemann–Pick type C (NPC1) gene, the gene disrupted in most patients with NPC disease, and we have shown that a G3097→T mutation in the NPC1 gene is also responsible for NPD. Here we report the development of five new polymorphic microsatellite markers and the testing for complete linkage disequilibrium in our single large NPD kindred that allowed us to reduce the NPD critical region to a 1-cM (1.3–1.6 Mb) interval between D18S1398 and D18S1108. In contrast, Carstea et al., using classic linkage analysis, required more than 18 unrelated NPC families to reduce the NPC1 critical region to a 5-cM interval. Our work supports the finding that NPD is an allelic variant of NPC1, and illustrates the power of large kindreds, which are common in Atlantic Canada and other relatively isolated areas, for gene mapping and identification.
__label__0, Here we describe a group of 14 patients carrying different X-autosome translocations and exhibiting phenotypes that demonstrate the range of alterations induced by such aberrations.All male carriers of an X-autosome translocation in our investigation group were infertile, whereas fertility in the female carriers was dependent on the position of the break-point in the X chromosome. Fertile women with translocation break-points outside of the critical region (Xq13-q26) in some cases passed on the translocation to their offspring. In balanced female carriers in our group, the normal X chromosome was usually inactivated, allowing full expression of genes on the translocated segments. In one case, disruption of the dystrophine gene in Xp21 led to the manifestation of Duchenne muscular dystrophy in a female carrier. Inactivation of the derivative X (Xt) in a balanced female carrier led to a partial monosomy of the autosome/disomy of the X chromosome and resulted in an aberrant phenotype. In unbalanced carriers, Xt is generally late-replicating/inactive, although failed spreading of inactivation to the autosomal segment often results in a partial trisomy, as evidenced by the case of an unbalanced translocation carrier in our group.
__label__0, Finding the genetic determinants of intermediate quantitative traits, such as serum creatinine and urea, might aid in finding the determinants of disease phenotypes, such as renal failure, that are, in part, defined according to threshold values imposed upon such traits. We evaluated the association between common variation in the gene encoding angiotensinogen, AGT, and the serum concentrations of creatinine and urea in non-diabetic Canadian Oji-Cree. We determined genotypes of the AGT codon 235 polymorphism among 502 non-diabetic Oji-Cree. We used multivariate analysis of variance to identify significant determinants of variation in serum concentrations of creatinine and urea and of systolic and diastolic blood pressure. We found significant associations between the AGT codon 235 genotype and serum concentrations of creatinine and urea (p=0.017 and 0.049, respectively) and systolic blood pressure (p=0.041). Compared with subjects with the other two genotypes, homozygotes for AGT T235/T235 had significantly lower serum concentrations of creatinine and urea and significantly higher mean systolic blood pressure. The findings suggest that the AGT T235 allele is a determinant of intermediate traits related to renal function in these aboriginal Canadians.
__label__0, The complex process of lung formation is determined by the action of numerous genes that influence cell commitment, differentiation, and proliferation. This review summarizes current knowledge of various factors involved in lung morphogenesis correlating their temporal and spatial expression with their proposed functions at various times during the developmental process. Rapid progress in understanding the pathways involved in lung morphogenesis will likely provide the framework with which to elucidate the mechanisms contributing to lung malformations and the pathogenesis of genetic and acquired lung diseases.
__label__0, Autosomal recessive achromatopsia is a rare disorder characterized by total absent color vision, nystagmus, photophobia, and visual impairment, frequently leading to ‘legal blindness’. The primary defect is at the photoreceptor level, with retinal cones being absent or defective. The first locus for this disorder was mapped to chromosome 2q11. Here, we confirm the genetic mapping of a locus discovered in our studies of a kindred with Irish ancestry, but no known consanguinity, in which 5 of 12 children are affected. We have mapped the locus in this disorder in this family to chromosome 8q. Available data now narrow the region containing the putative gene to 1.2 cM.
__label__0, Most patients with cri-du-chat syndrome have a de novo deletion of the short arm of chromosome 5 (5p). In order to perform extensive phenotype–genotype correlation studies, a relatively easy method for the precise determination of the extent of a patient's deletion is essential. Towards this purpose, a set of minimally overlapping YAC clones that span 5p was identified. A BAC that maps at or near the 5p telomere was also used. A total of 110 patients with previously determined de novo terminal deletions by standard cytogenetic approaches were reanalyzed using the YAC clones and fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). Of the 110 samples, 4 patients were determined to have interstitial deletions, 1 patient had an unbalanced translocation, and no deletion could be detected in 2 patients. The FISH results in the 7 patients affect the clinical prognosis for some of these patients. These results demonstrate the need for supplementing standard cytogenetics with FISH analysis when an abnormal karyotype is detected.
__label__0, Renal malformations are the major cause of renal failure during early childhood. They are found in approximately 100 genetic syndromes. We review the embryologic development of the kidney and its molecular control. Important new information has been derived from mutational analysis in humans and mice. We describe how mutations in nine transcription factors, 12 signaling molecules and nine gene products involved in a variety of other cellular functions disrupt renal morphogenesis. The information presented provides a template for integrating new discoveries on the molecular basis of renal development, for classifying renal malformations observed in the clinical setting, and for identifying defective genes in affected patients.
__label__0, Proximal myotonic myopathy (PROMM) was first described in 1994 as a multisystem disorder with similarity to myotonic dystrophy (DM), but without the abnormal (CTG)n expansion in the DM protein kinase (DMPK) gene. The inheritance is autosomal dominant and the clinical features include myotonia, proximal muscle weakness and cataract. Linkage analysis in nine German PROMM families has indicated the possibility of linkage to DM2 locus on chromosome 3. We report a Norwegian PROMM family in which the proband was clinically diagnosed as DM but without the (CTG)n expansion. Using an intragenic marker we showed that the DMPK gene did not segregate with the disease in this family. All family members are heterozygous for the R894X mutation in CLCN1 gene. Linkage analysis could not be performed, but haplotyping probably excludes the DM2 locus as the disease locus in this family. The present family emphasises that myalgia is a prominent symptom in PROMM and the clinical differences may be explained by genetic heterogeneity. This family will be reinvestigated along with the identification of candidate genes or regions in larger PROMM families.
__label__0, Type A insulin resistance syndrome is characterized by the association of ovarian hyperandrogenism, acanthosis nigricans, and severe insulin resistance. We have identified three novel mutant alleles of the insulin receptor gene in 3 patients with type A syndrome, a severe form of insulin resistance. Two of the patients were sisters (A1, A2), 1 of them was a compound heterozygote for a mutation at the 3′-splice acceptor site of intron 21 (AG→AA), and a missense mutation Val140Leu in exon 2. Her sister was a simple heterozygote for the 3′-splice acceptor mutation. The third patient (A3) was heterozygous for the missense mutation Ala1028Val in exon 17, in the consensus sequence for ATP binding.
__label__0, The association of moderately elevated total homocysteine (tHcy) levels with coronary artery disease is increasingly being recognized. However, the role of genetic influence on plasma tHcy levels is not completely understood. We studied 1 055 individuals with respect to the effect of two silent polymorphisms, the 699C→T and the 1080C→T, of the cystathionine β-synthase (CBS) gene on plasma tHcy levels. Individuals who were heterozygous or homozygous for the T699 allele had lower post-methionine load (PML) tHcy levels when compared to individuals with the C/C genotype. This association was statistically significant (p=0.005) for the T/T genotype compared to the C/C genotype and became even more significant (p=0.000002) when individuals carrying the 68-bp insertion (844ins68) and the T1080 allele were excluded from the analysis. With regard to the 1080C→T polymorphism, the T1080 allele was associated with significantly lower PML tHcy levels only when individuals carrying the 844ins68 and T699 allele were excluded from the study (p=0.01 for 1080T/T genotype compared to 1080C/C genotype). We speculate that the 699C→T and 1080C→T polymorphisms may be in linkage disequilibrium with regulatory elements that upregulate CBS gene transcription.
__label__0, Although more than 50% of recessive non-syndromic deafness is attributed to mutations in the connexin 26 (Cx26) gene, only a few reported families have shown dominant transmission of the trait. The W44C mutation was originally reported in two families from the same geographic region of France, which exhibited dominant non-syndromic hearing loss. In this report, we describe a third family with early-onset severe-to-profound non-syndromic hearing loss segregating with the W44C mutation. Our observation places W44C among recurrent mutations in the Cx26 gene and emphasizes the importance of screening for this as well as other Cx26 mutations in autosomal dominant families.
__label__0, During a prospective prenatal study of numerical abnormalities of chromosomes 13, 18, 21, X and Y using locus-specific probes, we incidentally found a case with only one signal for chromosome 18 per cell in a chorionic villus sampling (CVS) associated with an otherwise apparently normal G-banded karyotype. This led us to discover a cryptic t(11;18) segregating in a four-generation family. The CVS was performed because of mental retardation in the brother to the father of the fetus. A subtelomeric chromosome 18 probe revealed one signal on 18qter and one on 11qter of the father. Thus the father had a balanced reciprocal t(11;18) in spite of the apparently normal G-banded karyotype. Using the same probes, we found an unbalanced translocation 46,XX,-18,+der (18)t(11;18)-(q25;q23)pat in the fetus. Further investigation of the family showed the translocation in balanced and unbalanced form in four generations in mentally normal and retarded individuals, respectively. The study emphasizes the need for a follow-up with molecular cytogenetic techniques in dysmorphic and retarded children.
__label__0, Alagille syndrome (AGS) is a congenital multi-system anomaly mainly characterized by paucity of intrahepatic bile ducts caused by haploinsufficiency of the Jagged 1 gene (JAG1). To explore the relationship between genotype and phenotype, we analyzed the JAG1 gene in 25 Japanese AGS families at the genomic DNA level and identified 15 point mutations and one large deletion. Analysis of the genotype and phenotype strongly indicated that the Delta/Serrate/Lag-2 (DSL) domain in JAG1 protein played an essential role in determining the severity of the liver disorder. In four sporadic cases, missing an entire DSL domain in mutant JAG1 resulted in progressive liver failure and all 4 patients needed a liver transplant at a very young age. This correlation was further confirmed by statistical analysis (χ2=9.143, p<0.001). Our finding demonstrated that the DSL domain in JAG1 appears to be essential for normal liver development and function.
__label__0, There is evidence that the development of retinopathy in type 2 diabetes is associated with a microsatellite polymorphism at 5′ of the aldose reductase gene. The study examined whether cataract was associated with clinical/metabolic factors and/or the microsatellite polymorphism using a cohort of consecutively recruited Hong Kong Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes (n=567). Amongst these patients, 157 (28%) had cataract. The patients with cataract were older in age and age at diagnosis and had longer diabetes duration than those without cataract (all at p<0.01). They also had higher systolic blood pressure (p<0.01), HbA1c (p<0.05) and fasting plasma glucose levels (p<0.01; all with adjustment for the significance). Moreover, we found that the patients with cataract over-presented the microsatellite allele Z (23 vs. 30%, p<0.01) and its genotypes (Z,Z+Z,non-Z; 38 vs. 50%, p<0.01), but under-presented the allele Z−4 (8.3 vs 4.8%, p<0.05) and its genotypes (Z−4, Z−4+Z−4,non-Z−4; 16 vs. 10%, p<0.05). Using multiple logistic regression analysis (R2=0.25, p<0.01), we found that the presence of cataract was correlated positively with age, but inversely with the presence of allele Z−4. In conclusion, our data indicate that the occurrence of cataract is common in the Chinese type 2 diabetes population, with age and the aldose reductase gene as important determinants.
__label__0, Usher syndrome (USH) is characterised by hearing impairment and progressive pigmentary retinopathy. USH can be divided into three subtypes based on the severity and progression of the major clinical findings. These subtypes are genetically heterogeneous, with at least six loci for USH1, three for USH2 and one for USH3. In the present study, five unrelated consanguineous families with USH1 were analysed for linkage to markers flanking the six USH1 loci. Two of these families, one Pakistani and one Turkish, demonstrated linkage to the USH1D locus. In another family, haplotype segregation was consistent with linkage to USH1C. The remaining families were not linked to any of the six USH1 loci, providing support for the existence of at least one additional USH1 locus. Analysis of these two new USH1D families allowed us to narrow the USH1D candidate region to a 7.3-cM interval with a telomeric flanking marker at D10S1752. Comparison of the affected haplotypes in our Pakistani family with the original Pakistani USH1D family yielded no evidence for a founder effect. The identification of two additional affected families suggests that the USH1D may be a more common form of USH1 than originally suspected. The USH1D (CDH23) gene has recently been cloned. Mutation analysis has shown two different CDH23 mutations in the two Pakistani USH1D families studied, which confirmed our finding that there was no evidence for a founder effect by haplotype analysis. The interesting correlations between genotype and phenotype in CDH23 are also summarised.
__label__0, The absence of a sex chromosome in conjunction with the presence of a marker chromosome generally implicates a sex chromosome origin for such marker chromosomes. These types of findings are frequently associated with Ullrich–Turner syndrome. We report a patient that presented with an atypical Ullrich–Turner phenotype and a cytogenetic mosaicism of 46,X,mar/46,XX. The marker chromosome was derived from chromosome 20, not from the X or Y chromosome. The patient's clinical features are described and discussed relative to the cytogenetic findings. This case further demonstrates the necessity of marker chromosome identification for accurate phenotype–karyotype correlation.
__label__0, We report the cases of two familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) families who presented with the same 2 base pair deletion (AG) at codon 1465 of the adenomatous polyposis coli (APC) gene, but showed phenotypic variability. The mutation was revealed by a simple nonradioactive method using a heteroduplex analysis and identified by a sequence analysis. This observation suggests the responsibility of modifier genes in FAP patients’ phenotype.
__label__0, Congenital aniridia is due to deletions and point mutations in the PAX6 gene. We describe here a case of a mother and her two sons with a syndrome comprising congenital aniridia, ptosis, and slight mental retardation. The sons also show behavioral changes. The possibility of deletion around the PAX6 locus was excluded by polymorphism studies and fluorescence in situ hybridization analysis. Mutation screening of the PAX6 gene revealed the presence of a transversion C719A, resulting in the substitution of arginine for serine at residue 119. We suggest that this missense mutation is responsible both for aniridia and ptosis, and possibly also for the observed cognitive dysfunction in this family.
__label__0, Congenital malformations of the extremities are conspicuous and have been described through the ages. Over the past decade, a wealth of knowledge has been generated regarding the genetic regulation of limb development and the underlying molecular mechanisms. Recent studies have identified several of the signaling molecules, growth factors, and transcriptional regulators involved in the initiation and maintenance of the apical ectodermal ridge (AER) as well as the molecular markers defining the three axes of the developing limb. Studies of abnormal murine phenotypes have uncovered the role played by genes such as p63 and Dactylin in the maintenance of AER activity. These phenotypes resemble human malformations and in this review we describe the underlying mechanisms and clinical associations of split hand/foot malformation and ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft lip/palate syndrome, which have both been associated with mutations in the p63 gene.
__label__0, The goals of genetic counseling have differed over the past three decades. Two schools of thought are prominent in reviewing past literature. One upholds the goal of preventing birth defects and genetic disorders while the other promotes a goal of improved psychological well-being in client adaptation to a genetic condition or risk. Both types of goals emphasize that clients should make their own reproductive decisions; however, the former relies on clients making decisions that will reduce the impact of genetic disorders. The differences in the types of goals may be due to the training and orientation of genetics health care providers, socio-cultural views, or priorities of health care settings. Regardless, there are ample reasons to dismiss the prevention of birth defects as a goal. This mini-review recommends use of genetic counseling sub-specialties as a framework for considering different client needs and thus different counseling goals and specific aims in the reproductive, pediatric/adult, and common disease settings. Given the extent of new genetic information, technologies, and the need to evaluate genetic counseling practice, genetics health care providers should work toward arriving at consensus on the goals of genetic counseling, and in doing so, the needs of clients should be considered.
__label__0, Thrombin-activable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is a hepatically secreted zymogen, whose substrates include bradykinin. The CPB2 gene encoding TAFI is a candidate gene for blood pressure. A recently identified single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the CPB2 coding region, designated as 1057C>T, results in an amino acid change at TAFI residue 325 (Ile>Thr325). We found that the genotype based on this SNP was significantly associated with blood pressure in aboriginal Canadians. Specifically, analysis of variance showed that homozygotes for CPB2 1057T had significantly lower diastolic blood pressure than subjects with other CPB2 genotypes. CPB2 genotype accounted for ∼3% of the total variation in diastolic blood pressure, consistent with the expected magnitude of a modest genetic effect in a complex trait such as blood pressure. Although the mechanism underlying the association is unclear, the findings are of interest because TAFI may provide a link between coagulation and blood pressure regulation.
__label__0, Hypercholesterolemia has been related to aortic valve stenosis (AS). Polymorphisms of apolipoproteins (apo) AI, B, and E are associated with variable levels of plasma lipids, but the association between these polymorphisms and AS is unknown. In a case–control study of groups matched by age, sex, comparable body mass index, hypertension, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, we analyzed the distribution of apo AI A/G mutation, apo B signal peptide insertion/deletion, apo B XbaI restriction fragment length, and apo E polymorphisms in 62 non-diabetic patients with severe aortic valve stenosis and 62 control subjects. All patients underwent echocardiographic analysis. Univariate analysis showed a higher prevalence of the XbaI X+/X+ genotype (p=0.007) of apo B and the apo E2 allele (p=0.034) in patients with severe AS. Apo polymorphisms were not associated with lipid levels, left ventricular mass, or the aortic gradient.
__label__0, Fluorescence in situ hybridization analysis using telomere specific probes has been used to detect cryptic translocations in the chromosomal telomeric regions. This study was performed in five clinically normal couples who have had five or more spontaneous abortions and whose karyotypes were found to be normal using conventional cytogenetic techniques. Using the telomere specific probes, in one couple we determined a cryptic translocation between chromosome 3 and 10, and, in another couple, the signal in chromosome 20 was detected in another chromosome, which was probably a D group chromosome. Additionally, in the latter and also in two other couples, we observed a polymorphism. The approach will be helpful for screening cryptic translocations using telomere specific multiple probe sets in couples with recurrent miscarriages. As prenatal diagnosis will be available for these couples for future pregnancies, it will be possible to help these families to have healthy fetuses.
__label__0, P Stankiewicz, S-S Park, SE Holder, CS Waters, RW Palmer, SA Berend, LG Shaffer, L Potocki and JR Lupski. Trisomy 17p 10-p12 resulting from a supernumerary marker chromosome derived from chromosome 17: molecular analysis and delineation of the phenotype. Clinical Genetics 2001; Vol 60, Issue 5; 336–344.
__label__0, Craniofacial anomalies, and in particular cleft lip and palate, are major human birth defects with a worldwide frequency of 1 in 700 and substantial clinical impact. A wide range of studies in developmental biology has contributed to a better knowledge of how both genes and environmental exposures impact head organogenesis. Specific causes have now been identified for some forms of cleft lip and palate, and we are at the beginning of a time in which the common nonsyndromic forms may also have specific etiologies identified. Mouse models have an especially important role in disclosing cleft etiologies and providing models for environmental cotriggers or interventions. An overview of the gene–environment contributions to nonsyndromic forms of clefting and their implications for developmental biology and clinical counseling is presented.
__label__0, Molecular genetic studies have pointed to a relationship between congenital lipodystrophy syndromes and some cardiac disorders. For instance, mutations in LMNA cause either lipodystrophy or cardiomyopathy, indicating that different mutations in the same gene can produce these clinical syndromes. The present authors describe a 10-year-old female with Berardinelli–Seip congenital complete lipodystrophy (MIM 606158) caused by homozygosity for a frameshift mutation in BSCL2. In addition to the typical attributes of complete lipodystrophy, this subject had hypertrophic cardiomyopathy diagnosed in the first year of her life; its progress has been followed with non-invasive imaging. The mechanism underlying the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in complete lipodystrophy is unclear. It may result from a direct effect of the mutant gene or it might be secondary to the effects of hyperinsulinemia on cardiac development. The variability of the associated cardiomyopathy in patients with complete generalized lipodystrophy may be caused by differential effects of mutations in the same gene or of mutations in different genes which underlie the lipodystrophy phenotype.
__label__0, Congenital deafness occurs in approximately 1 in 1000 live births. In developed countries about 60% of hearing loss is genetic. However, in Brazil most cases of hearing loss are due to environmental factors, such as congenital infections (mainly rubella), perinatal anoxia, kernicterus and meningitis. Recently, it has been demonstrated that the GJB2 gene is a major gene underlying congenital sensorial deafness. Mutations in this gene cause 10–20% of all genetic sensory hearing loss. One specific mutation, 35delG, accounts for the majority of mutant alleles. The extent of the hearing impairment varies from mild/moderate to profound, even within the patients homozygous for the common 35delG mutation. There may also be progression with age. Mutation analysis in the GJB2 gene was performed on 36 families (group A) presenting with at least one individual with non-syndromic deafness (NSD). An unselected series of 26 deaf individuals referred by other services where the environmental factors were not completely excluded was also part of the study (group B).
__label__0, Rett syndrome (RTT) is an X-linked neurodevelopmental disorder caused by mutations in the MECP2 gene, with apparent lethality in male embryos. However, recent studies indicate that mutations in the MECP2 gene can cause congenital encephalopathy, an Angelman-like phenotype and even nonspecific mental retardation in males.
__label__0, P Stankiewicz, S-S Park, SE Holder, CS Waters, RW Palmer, SA Berend, LG Shaffer, L Potocki and JR Lupski. Trisomy 17p 10-p12 resulting from a supernumerary marker chromosome derived from chromosome 17: molecular analysis and delineation of the phenotype. Clinical Genetics 2001; Vol 60, Issue 5; 336–344.
__label__0, At present, the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is an international problem. The delivery of a chemotherapeutic agent and chemosensitizer using nanocarriers has been suggested as a novel and promising strategy in cancer treatment. However, such studies in HCC remain very limited. In this study, we developed doxorubicin (DOX) and curcumin (Cur) co-delivery lipid nanoparticles (DOX/Cur-NPs) and examined its inhibitory effect on diethylnitrosamine (DEN)-induced HCC in mice. DOX/Cur-NPs displayed the physicochemical characterizations with uniform particle size, high encapsulation efficacy and sustained release profile. In DNE-induced HCC mice treated with DOX/Cur-NPs, we observed decreased liver damage assessed by serum ALT and AST levels, liver/body weight ratio, and histopathological analysis. Compared with DOX-loaded nanoparticles (DOX-NPs), DOX/Cur-NPs induced increased Caspase-3 and Bax/Bcl-2 ratio, and decreased C-myc, PCNA and VEGF. The results revealed the synergistic effect of DOX/Cur-NPs on the apoptosis, proliferation and angiogenesis of HCC. The mRNA levels of MDR1, bcl-2 and HIF-1α, and protein levels of P-gp, Bcl-2 and HIF-1α were decreased in DOX/Cur-NPs than those in DOX-NPs, indicating that Cur might reverse multidrug resistance (MDR) through these pathways. In HCC cells, enhanced cytotoxicity and decreased IC50 and resistant index further confirmed the synergistic effects of DOX/Cur-NPs than DOX-NPs. Our studies suggest that simultaneous delivery of DOX and Cur by DOX/Cur-NPs may be a promising treatment for HCC.
__label__0, Properties and catalytic activites of a hydrotreating catalyst coked to different levels with a vacuum gas oil (VGO) resulted in losses in surface area, pore volume, and catalytic activities. Comparison with previous data on anthracene-coked catalysts showed that the coke in the VGO-coked catalysts resulted in lower pore volumes and appreciable pore plugging. Deactivation of catalytic activities was generally similar, except hydrodenitrogenation was substantially lower for the-VGO coked catalysts, which was partly attributed to nitrogen on the catalyst.
__label__0, Recently, limited generation capability of conventional thermal power plants due to shortage in fuel supply in addition to the rapid increase in load demand resulted in repeated and prolonged load shedding all over the country. To overcome this problem, the use of renewable energy sources (RES) and modifying the network into a smart grid are necessary. As the utility, in addition to the private sector of investors, are responsible for the construction of renewable energy plants, customers are responsible for the reduction of peak demand. Demand side management (DSM) programs are important tools in a smart grid that helps to reduce the peak demand and adjust the load profile with the contribution of customers. Energy resources planning integrating DSM lead to reduction in the overall operational cost, an increase in the reserve of generating units and improvement of the sustainability of the supply (reduction of load shedding). In this paper, a modified firefly based optimization algorithm is proposed for optimal DSM of different load types and optimal energy resources schedule. The objective of the proposed modified firefly algorithm (MFA) is to minimize the overall operational cost including consumed energy cost, generated energy cost, energy loss cost, grid energy cost, unserved energy cost and startup cost of thermal generating units. A day-ahead unit commitment planning of diesel generators is carried out to provide the required energy while keeping the spinning reserve of the units within its allowable limits. An economic dispatch of committed units is considered for minimum generation cost. The proposed MFA is applied to the 66 kV, 45 bus distribution network of Alexandria, Egypt which is supported by multiple, different types of distributed generating units (DGs).
__label__0, Usually, development teams devote a huge amount of time and effort on maintaining existing software. Since many of these maintenance tasks are not planned, the software tends to degrade over time, causing side effects mainly on its non-functional requirements. This paper proposes the use of a multi-agent system in order to perform perfective maintenance tasks in a software product through refactorings. The software developer chooses the quality attribute that the agents should improve and the agents are able to autonomously search the code for opportunities to apply perfective maintenance, apply the perfective maintenance, and evaluate if the source code quality has been improved. Its main contributions are: (i) the refactorings are autonomously done by software agents during the idle development time; (ii) all changes are stored in isolated branches in order to facilitate the communication with the developers; (iii) the refactorings are applied only when the program semantics is preserved; (iv) the agents are able to learn the more suitable sequence of refactorings to improve a specific quality attribute; and (v) the approach can be extended with other metrics and refactorings. This paper also presents a set of experimental studies that provide evidences of the benefits of our approach for software rejuvenation.
__label__0, Corticosteroids, which are a mainstay in the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), have a well-documented adverse effect on sleep. We sought to characterize the effects of dexamethasone on sleep over an entire 28-day treatment cycle using actigraphy, an objective measure of sleep.
__label__0, In developing a process the chemist may encounter water in the roles of impurity, beneficial additive, or solvent. This chapter discusses some examples of water as solvent and cosolvent. Water may also be necessary in the crystallization of a desired hydrate. Quantitation can be straightforward if standard data points have been generated that use known amounts of water in the presence of the primary compound to be assayed. The presence of water may be inferred by thermogravimetric assay; however, any weight loss may not be specific for water. This chapter also examines some of the more subtle effects of water on processing. Some reagents react with water very quickly and exothermically. Water can enter a reaction as part of the air, solvents, reagents, or by-products of a reaction, or it can enter as a contaminant in equipment. Many reactions are essentially dehydrations, and the water generated can inhibit the desired reaction. Solvents may be selected to remove water azeotropically during the reaction.
__label__0, The inhibitory activities of tea catechins against carcinogenesis and cancer cell growth have been demonstrated in a large number of laboratory studies. Many mechanisms for modulating cancer signaling and metabolic pathways have been proposed based on numerous studies in cell lines with (−)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate, the most abundant and active tea catechin. Nevertheless, the molecular basis for the proposed mechanisms and whether these mechanisms indeed contribute to the anticancer activities in vivo are not clearly known. This chapter reviews the basic redox properties of tea catechins, their binding to key enzymes and signal transduction proteins, and other mechanisms that lead to suppression of cell proliferation, increased apoptosis, and inhibition of angiogenesis. More weight is put on studies in vivo over experiments in vitro. It also discusses key issues involved in extrapolating results from cell line studies to mechanistic insights in vivo.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the geometric theory of observers. Geometric state–space theory is foremost a theory of system synthesis. Within the framework of abstract (geometric) linear algebra, the chapter seeks to establish the qualitative structural properties of a system. The power of geometric state–space theory resides in its ability to characterize concisely the various synthesis possibilities of a system in terms of a few basic system concepts. These basis system concepts are the familiar notions of controllability and observability exhibited more abstractly as controllable subspace and unobservable subspace of the state-space. Although the controllability of a system is invariant under state feedback, the observability of such a system is not, because state feedback can be used to eliminate the zeros of the system through pole-zero cancellation. The observability of the reduced-order observable subsystem may be unaffected by linear feedback, because, in geometric terms, the (maximal) unobservability subspace would already have been factored out.
__label__0, Whole-body PET/MR hybrid imaging combines excellent soft tissue contrast and various functional imaging parameters provided by MR with high sensitivity and quantification of radiotracer uptake provided by PET. Although clinical evaluation now is under way, PET/MR demands for new technologies and innovative solutions, currently subject to interdisciplinary research. Attenuation correction (AC) of human soft tissues and of hardware components has to be MR based to maintain quantification of PET imaging as CT attenuation information is missing. MR-based AC is inherently associated with the following challenges: patient tissues are segmented into only few tissue classes, providing discrete attenuation coefficients; bone is substituted as soft tissue in MR-based AC; the limited field of view in MRI leads to truncations in body imaging and, consequently, in MR-based AC; and correct segmentation of lung tissue may be hampered by breathing artifacts. Use of time of flight during PET image acquisition and reconstruction, however, may improve the accuracy of AC. This article provides a status of current image acquisition options in PET/MR hybrid imaging.
__label__0, Khat, Catha edulis Forsk, is among the most widely used plant-based psychoactive substance in the world. Grown in Eastern Africa, Horn of Africa, and southwestern part of the Arabian Peninsula, its fresh young leaves and twigs are used daily by over 20 million people for the psychostimulatory effects it produces in the user, a practice deeply rooted in the history, tradition, and culture of the indigenous population. Once hardly known outside the regions where it is grown and used, khat use has now spread to other countries. This review will cover the, phytochemistry, pharmacokinetics of the active ingredients—cathinone, cathine, norephedrine, neurochemistry, effects on cognitive and executive functions as well as its ability to produce dependency in the user. Whether it is an innocuous cultural practice or a drug of abuse is debatable as the preclinical and clinical data needed to arrive at an authoritative conclusion is lacking.
__label__0, Fretting wear tests of Inconel 690 alloy have been carried out at various temperatures (room temperature – RT, 90 °C, 200 °C and 285 °C) for tube/plate contact configuration. The worn surfaces and cross-sectional morphologies were observed through scanning electron microscopy (SEM), energy dispersive X-ray (EDX) and electron probe microanalysis (EPMA). Moreover, a particular debris cleaning method was used to remove wear particles of worn Inconel 690 alloy effectively in order to estimate exact wear volume. Overall, the results indicated that temperature had a great impact on fretting wear behavior and wear mechanisms. With increase in temperature, the principal wear mechanisms changed from delamination wear to the combination of delamination and adhesive wear, as demonstrated by the presence of an adhesive transfer layer at 285 °C, instead of a compacted debris bed at 90 °C. The adhesive transfer layer seemed to protect the surfaces better due to a reduction in the interaction of the worn surfaces. Finally, higher friction coefficient and wear volume appeared at lower temperature (RT to 90 °C), compared to that associated with higher temperature (200 °C and 285 °C).
__label__0, Liver fibrosis results from a continuous wound-healing response of the liver to repeated injury. Hesperidin (HDN) is a naturally occurring flavanone glycoside, which is extracted from fruit peels of the genus citrus. Previous studies focused on the anti-inflammation, anti-tumor and anti-oxidant roles of HDN. However, the role of HDN in hepatic fibrosis is still unknown. Here, we evaluated the role of HDND-7, a derivative of HDN which has better water solubility and bioavailability, in the activation and proliferation of PDGF-BB-induced hepatic stellate cells (HSCs), then we investigated the anti-fibrotic effect of HDND-7 in CCl4-induced mouse model of liver fibrosis. The study aimed to determine whether HDND-7 could affect the survival of HSC-T6 in vitro, while evaluating its anti-fibrotic efficacy on CCl4-induced liver fibrosis in Kunming mice. Our results revealed that HDND-7 inhibited the proliferation and activation of PDGF-BB-treated HSC-T6 cells in a time- and dose-dependent manner. In addition, administration of HDND-7 significantly attenuated liver fibrosis, as evident by the dramatic down-regulation of α-smooth muscle actin (α-SMA) and type I collagen alpha-1 (Col1α1) in both mRNA and protein levels in vivo and in vitro. Furthermore, we also found that HDND-7 decreased the expression of β-catenin and the downstream proteins, cyclind1 and C-myc, indicating that HDND-7 may inhibit the activation and proliferation of PDGF-BB-induced HSC-T6 and attenuate liver fibrosis, at least in part, through targeting the Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway. Hence HDND-7 might be employed as a promising natural supplement for liver fibrosis drug therapy.
__label__0, Hydrogen production by dark fermentation is one of the most promising methods for obtaining clean energy. Inoculum pretreatments allow the selection of bacteria that have better performance in hydrogen production, because the selection of pretreatment limits the presence of some species while favoring others. In order to elucidate the inoculum pretreatment influence during the operation of two EGSB reactors, two pretreatments were assayed: heat shock and cell wash-out. Different organic loading rates (24–60 g glucose/L d) and hydraulic retention times (10–4 h) were applied to both reactors to determine population dynamics along 100 days of operation. Reactors exhibited differences in both volumetric hydrogen production rate and molar yield but with cell wash-out pretreatment showing better performance than heat shock pretreatment. Maximum molar yield (0.92 mol H2/mol hexose) and volumetric hydrogen production rate (4.23 L H2/L d) were obtained with organic loading rates of 36 g glucose/L d at HRT of 10 h in EGSB reactor inoculated with cell wash-out pretreated sludge. The microbial community of the reactors samples was analyzed by 16S rRNA genes profiles and the predominant bands were excised and their DNA sequence determined. Clostridium and representatives of Enterobacteriaceae were dominant, with a strong presence of Lactobacillus genus. The whole result indicates that the inoculum pretreatment has a strong initial effect during early stages of fermentation, after which the operating conditions have a greater impact on reactor performance.
__label__0, An awareness of the gestational changes to thyroid physiology and the impact of uncontrolled thyroid disease on pregnancy and infant outcome is essential for the successful management of hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism. This review summarizes strategies for the management of thyroid disease in pregnancy and post partum, and it highlights areas where there is still a lack of consensus.
__label__0, The production and use of sugarcane in Brazil is very important for bioenergy production and is recognized as one of the most efficient in the world. In our laboratory, Setaria viridis is being tested as a model plant for sugarcane. S. viridis has biological attributes (rapid life cycle, small genome, diploid, short stature and simple growth requirements) that make it suitable for use as a model system. We report a highly efficient protocol for Agrobacterium-mediated genetic transformation of S. viridis. The optimization of several steps in tissue culture allowed the rapid regeneration of plants and increased the rate of transformation up to 29%. This protocol could become a powerful tool for functional genomics in sugarcane.
__label__0, In this study, peptides were derivatized by reaction with salicylaldehyde to create N-terminal imines (Schiff bases). Collision-induced dissociation of the imine-modified peptides produces a complete series of b and a ions (which reveal sequence). However, an unusual pathway is also observed, one that leads to elimination of the residue mass of the N-terminal amino acid despite the chemical modification to create the imine. This pathway was investigated further using infrared multiple-photon dissociation (IRMPD) spectroscopy and density functional theory with alanine-glycine-glycine (AGG) as the test peptide. The IRMPD spectrum for the product generated by loss of 71 from modified AGG (Sal-AGG) matches one predicted for protonated Sal-GG, as well as the IRMPD spectrum of glycine-glycine derivatized independently to produce a Schiff base. We conclude that the residue mass of the N-terminal amino acid is likely eliminated through a pathway that involves nucleophilic attack by an amide N atom and possible formation of an imidazole-4-one intermediate.
__label__0, Porous carbons find various applications in catalysis, electrochemical storage or sorption. Prior to use, their particle sizes need however to be controlled according to the targeted application. In this study, the grinding behavior of materials prepared from aqueous resorcinol–formaldehyde mixtures and displaying different pore textures was studied in detail. Both dry polymer gels and pyrolyzed carbon xerogels were compared in terms of particle size distributions after planetary ball-milling.
__label__0, This chapter deals with some current problems of luminescence and energy transfer in organic molecular crystals. The quenching of energy transfer in anthracene crystals at low temperatures is caused by a competition between energy transfer to the guest molecules and to shallow traps that give rise to the emission from impurities or disturbed exciton states at low temperatures. The fluorescence of an anthracene crystal containing small traces of tetracene is measured. The result is that the fluorescence intensity of tetracene is relatively much stronger than the anthracene emission. The tetracene molecules act as traps for the electronic excitation energy, which is traveling in the anthracene crystal. To measure and separate the host and guest quantum yields, one has to measure the total fluorescence spectrum with good resolution. Only in this way is it possible to separate unambiguously the individual contributions from host, guest, and traps to the total emission.
__label__0, Ameloblastic carcinoma secondary type, derived from pre-existing ameloblastoma, is an extremely rare cancer. According to 2005 WHO classifications, ameloblastic carcinoma is defined as ameloblastoma with malignant cytologic features such as nuclear hyperchromatism, mitotic activity, focal necrosis, cellular pleomorphism and perineural invasion. The development of secondary type of ameloblastic carcinoma is thought to need a long period of duration. On the other hand, pathological findings during the dedifferentiation process have not been clarified yet. We were presented with a rare case of ameloblastoma displaying markedly increased cell proliferation and progression of clinical aggressiveness within 18 months. Pathological findings in final operation showed high cellularity of monotonous basaloid cells spread in a connecting strands fashion and more densely stained larger nuclei, as well as mitotic figures. Immunohistochemical staining by Ki-67, p53, bcl-2, cytokeratin (CK) 5/6, CAM 5.2, and smooth muscle actin (SMA) were examined. Immunohistochemical staining for Ki-67 indicated a proliferative index that was remarkably increased from 8.9% at initial biopsy to 30.4% at final resection. A distinct increase in positive cells for p53 was seen, whereas, bcl-2 positive cell numbers were displaying a slight increase. CK 5/6 positive cells were observed in the initial biopsy but more strongly stained in operative specimens. Reversely, CAM 5.2 positive cells were less observed in final operative specimens. Finally, positive cells for SMA were observed in operative materials and they seemed to localize in stroma of epithelial island. We suggest that this case may be a possible one that presents ameloblastoma at an early period toward dedifferentiation.
__label__0, Providing weight support facilitates locomotion in spinal cord injured animals. To control weight support, robotic systems have been developed for treadmill stepping and more recently for overground walking.
__label__0, Alternative splicing plays a key role in the regulation of the central dogma. Four major types of alternative splicing have been classified as intron retention, exon skipping, alternative 5 splice sites or alternative donor sites, and alternative 3 splice sites or alternative acceptor sites. A few algorithms have been developed to detect splice junctions from RNA-Seq reads. However, there are few tools targeting at the major alternative splicing types at the exon/intron level. This type of analysis may reveal subtle, yet important events of alternative splicing, and thus help gain deeper understanding of the mechanism of alternative splicing. This paper describes a user-friendly R package, extracting, annotating and analyzing alternative splicing types for sequence alignment files from RNA-Seq. SplicingTypesAnno can: (1) provide annotation for major alternative splicing at exon/intron level. By comparing the annotation from GTF/GFF file, it identifies the novel alternative splicing sites; (2) offer a convenient two-level analysis: genome-scale annotation for users with high performance computing environment, and gene-scale annotation for users with personal computers; (3) generate a user-friendly web report and additional BED files for IGV visualization. SplicingTypesAnno is a user-friendly R package for extracting, annotating and analyzing alternative splicing types at exon/intron level for sequence alignment files from RNA-Seq. It is publically available at https://sourceforge.net/projects/splicingtypes/files/ or http://genome.sdau.edu.cn/research/software/SplicingTypesAnno.html.
__label__0, Oxy-fuel combustion is considered to be a promising technology for the abatement of CO2. To study the chemical effects of CO2 on the combustion temperature, we have adopted counter-flow jets of methane versus heated air and an O2/CO2 mixture within a wide range of O2/CO2 volume ratios. An artificial material X, which is defined as such that it has exactly the same thermochemical, transport, and radiation properties as the real CO2 and is chemically inert, was adopted to separate the physical and chemical effects of CO2. The comparisons among air combustion, the oxy-X combustion and oxy-fuel combustion show that the chemical effects of CO2 reduce the combustion temperature in oxy-fuel combustion, and they are comparable to the physical effects of CO2 in an atmosphere of 36% O2/64% CO2. The heat release rates of R99(OH + CO  ⇔  H + CO2) and R153(CH2(S) + CO2  ⇔  CO + CH2O) are the most heavily impacted by CO2 in the range of the mole fraction of O2 from 20% to 28%. When the mole fraction of O2 increases from 28% to 32%, the effects of CO2 on elementary reactions offset each other. The heat release rates of R84(OH + H2  ⇔  H + H2O) and R38(H + O2  ⇔  O + OH) are the most heavily influenced by CO2 in the mole fraction of O2 from 32% to 36%. The heat release rates of R287(OH + HO2  ⇔  O2 + H2O) and R84 are significantly impacted by CO2 in the range of the mole fraction of O2 from 36% to 50%. The key reasons to the combustion temperature during oxy-fuel combustion are that R38 and R35(H + O2 + H2O  ⇔  HO2 + H2O) in the mole fraction of O2 from 20% to 24% and from 26% to 50%, respectively.
__label__0, Despite a growing number of reports, there is still limited knowledge of the clinical features that precede the onset of bipolar disorder (BD). To explore this, we investigated baseline data from a prospectively evaluated longitudinal cohort of subjects aged 12–30 years to compare: first, lifetime rates of clinical features between a) subjects at increased genetic risk for developing BD (‘AR’), b) participants from families without mental illness (‘controls’), and c) those with established BD; and, second, prior clinical features that predict the later onset of affective disorders in these same three groups. This is the first study to report such comparisons between these three groups (though certainly not the first to compare AR and control samples). 118 AR participants with a parent or sibling with BD (including 102 with a BD parent), 110 controls, and 44 BD subjects were assessed using semi-structured interviews. AR subjects had significantly increased lifetime risks for depressive, anxiety and behavioural disorders compared to controls. Unlike prior reports, preceding anxiety and behavioural disorders were not found to increase risk for later onset of affective disorders in the AR sample, perhaps due to limited sample size. However, preceding behavioural disorders did predict later onset of affective disorders in the BD sample. The findings that i) AR subjects had higher rates of depressive, anxiety and behavioural disorders compared to controls, and ii) prior behavioural disorders increased the risk to later development of affective disorders in the BD group, suggest the possibility of therapeutic targeting for these disorders in those at high genetic risk for BD.
__label__0, We describe using the glued intraocular lens (IOL) scaffolding technique to remove Soemmerring ring during secondary IOL implantation in aphakic eyes with associated posterior capsule defect following previous pediatric cataract surgery. Vitrectomy is performed, and the remnants of the posterior capsule are removed from the visual axis. A 3-piece foldable IOL is injected below the Soemmerring ring, and glued transscleral haptic fixation of the IOL is performed. The Soemmerring ring is dislodged from the periphery with a Sinskey hook and brought into the center of the pupil over the surface of the IOL optic, where it is emulsified with the phacoemulsification probe. The optic of the preplaced IOL acts as a scaffold and prevents dislodgement of Soemmerring ring material into the vitreous cavity during emulsification. Placement of a secondary IOL can be successfully accomplished in selected patients.
__label__0, Are organized markets necessary in the U.S. Western Interconnection for cost-optimal integration of renewable energy resources that, in accordance with state mandates, must be brought online in the coming decades? We examine the technological components of the western power grid as well as its political, institutional, economic, legal, and cultural attributes to assess the potential and feasibility of organized markets.
__label__0, A method is presented for the study of the mean motion and the dynamics of ions under the action of an electrostatic field in supercritical fluids through a nonequilibrium molecular dynamics simulation technique. In the case of O2− in Ar, the ion–neutral interaction potential is determined through the reproduction of the experimental mobility data. This enabled the prediction of the radial distribution around the ion and the dynamics of the ion motion. In addition, the diffusion coefficient components, parallel and perpendicular to the electric field, have been calculated and found to be almost equal to one another and to depend weakly to the Ar density. The appearance of a shell around an ion is confirmed and found to be strengthened with density increase. The method has been applied at moderate Ar densities and low field strengths but can be extended to denser systems and stronger field strengths at the expense of high amounts of computer time.
__label__0, The year-round dynamic performances of various types of internal-combustion-engine primed trigeneration (ICEPT) systems were analyzed and compared with that based on a conventional system powered by the grid electricity when they were applied to a high-rise office building in Hong Kong. It was found that the employment of the ICEPT systems reduced the total energy demand from the building by at most 10.9%. However, the saving in the carbon dioxide emission varied widely with the prime mover used with a maximum of only 13.2% for a natural-gas-fueled ICEPT system. One major reason was the relatively lower carbon dioxide emission index from the local grid electricity. In this regard, the sufficient supply of natural gas or biofuels is necessary in order to reduce the carbon dioxide emission through the employment of ICEPT systems in Hong Kong.
__label__0, A slow response has left us running behind the deadly virus, says its co-discoverer Peter Piot. We need to be ready for next time
__label__0, Two A2CuCl4 type (A = organic ammonium cation) compounds, namely bis-(R)-(+)-naphthyl-1-ethylammonium tetrachlorocuprate(II) (1) and bis-(R)-(+)-naphthyl-2-ethylammonium tetrachlorocuprate(II) (2) were synthesized. Compounds 1 and 2 crystallize in the monoclinic crystal system with the non-centrosymmetric space groups P21 and C2 respectively, with Z = 2. In both compounds the rigid regio-isomeric ligands surround the CuCl42− anion, forming an isolated distorted tetrahedral structure. Temperature dependent single crystal X-ray and FT-IR measurements show diverse ‘motifs’ in the NH⋯Cl interactions and concurrence with the structural phase transition in the DSC study. The observed structural transition is not due to a change in geometry around CuCl42−, normally seen in the literature, but is driven by ‘motifs’ conceived in the ligand itself. A polarizing microscopic study revealed that these reversible transitions are of a thermochromic nature.
__label__0, Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a neurodegenerative disease of motor neurons resulting in progressive paralysis. Gene expression studies of ALS only rarely identify the same gene pathways as gene association studies. We hypothesized that analyzing tissues by matching on degree of disease severity would identify different patterns of gene expression from a traditional case-control comparison. We analyzed gene expression changes in 4 postmortem central nervous system regions, stratified by severity of motor neuron loss. An overall comparison of cases (n = 6) and controls (n = 3) identified known ALS gene, SOX5, as showing differential expression (log2 fold change = 0.09, p = 5.5 × 10−5). Analyses stratified by disease severity identified expression changes in C9orf72 (p = 2.77 × 10−3), MATR3 (p = 3.46 × 10−3), and VEGFA (p = 8.21 × 10−4), all implicated in ALS through genetic studies, and changes in other genes in pathways involving RNA processing and immune response. These findings suggest that analysis of gene expression stratified by disease severity can identify major ALS genes and may be more efficient than traditional case-control comparison.
__label__0, Cascading failures of loads in isolated networks and coupled networks have been studied in the past few years. In most of the corresponding results, the topologies of the networks are destroyed. Here, we present an interconnected network model considering cascading failures based on the dynamic redistribution of flow in the networks. Compared with the results of single scale-free networks, we find that interconnected scale-free networks have higher vulnerability. Additionally, the network heterogeneity plays an important role in the robustness of interconnected networks under intentional attacks. Considering the effects of various coupling preferences, the results show that there are almost no differences. Finally, the application of our model to the Beijing interconnected traffic network, which consists of a subway network and a bus network, shows that the subway network suffers more damage under the attack. Moreover, the interconnected traffic network may be more exposed to damage after initial attacks on the bus network. These discussions are important for the design and optimization of interconnected networks.
__label__0, La-doped SmBaCuFeO5 polycrystalline ceramics have been prepared through sol–gel method followed by solid-state sintering reaction. A significant enhancement in the thermoelectric properties of SmBaCuFeO5 has been achieved by La doping. Our results reveal that the La doping can lead to a remarkable increase in the electrical conductivity of 2 orders of magnitude. The Seebeck coefficient decreases with increasing La content, which is consistent with the increased electrical conductivity. Thermal conductivity at room temperature decreases from 2.1 W m−1 K−1 to 1.7 W m−1 K−1 due to the existence of nano-sized grains in the high substitutive content samples. The maximum ZT of 0.042 at 1023 K is obtained for Sm0.6La0.4BaCuFeO5, which is 13 times more than that of the pristine sample.
__label__0, The density of states (DOSs) of Cu with stacking faults was calculated using the DV-Xα method employing 13-atom fcc and hcp clusters. A fcc sequence was contaminated with a hcp sequence when stacking faults were introduced in the former. The calculated DOSs near Fermi edge were characterized with closely separated two peaks in the case of the fcc. On the other hand, separation of the peaks became larger (0.21 eV) and the energy level of lower energy peak became shallow in the case of the hcp, where non-negligible amounts of 4p component were found at the lower peak.
__label__0, La nouvelle insuline glargine 300 U/ml (Gla-300) présente un profil pharmacocinétique et pharmacodynamique plus prolongé et plus plat que l’insuline glargine 100 U/ml (Gla-100). EDITION 3 a comparé l’efficacité et la tolérance des deux formulations chez des patients DT2, naïfs d’insuline, en échec de traitement par hypoglycémiants non insuliniques.
__label__0, A series of sulfonated aromatic polyamides containing nitrile groups (SPA-xx) were prepared by the phosphorylation polyamidation using 2,6-bis(4-aminophenoxy)benzonitrile, 5-sulfoisophthalic acid sodium salt and terephthalic acid as starting materials. The intrinsic viscosities of these polymers were between 1.23 and 2.16 dL/g. All the sulfonated polymers have good solubility and could afford flexible proton exchange membranes by solution-casting. Their chemical structures were characterized by fourier transformation infrared spectrum (FTIR) and nuclear magnetic resonance spectrum (NMR). Their properties, including water uptake, dimensional change, proton conductivity and thermal and chemical stability, were also investigated in detail. The results indicated that these sulfonated aromatic polyamides had good dimensional stability and chemical stability, proton conductivity and thermal stability. The representative SPA-100 membrane with IEC values of 1.87 mequiv./g, showed swelling ratio of 16.5% and proton conductivity of 141 mS/cm at 80 °C, respectively.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the nomenclature, preparation methods, and chemical properties of 1,3-oxazine derivatives. Compounds such as 1,3-oxazine and metoxazine (or mazoxin) consist of a ring of four carbon atoms, one oxygen, and one nitrogen atom; the two heteroatoms are in the 1,3-positions. They can be classified according to the degree of saturation and the position of double bonds. Derivatives of 1,3-oxazine show interesting reactivity and can be used as chemotherapeutic agents. The compounds with one double bond are dihydro-1,3-oxaxines. Dihydro-1,3-oxazine skeletons can be formed in proteins during their transformation to polypeptides. The structures of dihydro-1,3-oxazines are diagrammatically represented in the chapter along with a description of the methods of preparation of iminotetrahydro-1,3-oxazine derivatives, 1,3-4H-oxazines, oxo and thiono derivatives of tetrahydro-1,3-oxazine, and 3,4-dihydro-1,3-2H-oxazine. The chemical properties and structure of 1,3-oxazine derivatives are briefly described. The bases of 1,3-oxazines are of varying strength and stability. They can form salts with strong acids. Infrared (IR) absorption spectra provide information regarding the structure of 1,3-oxazine derivatives. They play a major role in theoretical organic chemistry and biologically active compounds.
__label__0, Previous studies have reported that elevated pretreatment C-reactive protein (CRP) levels are associated with poor outcome in various malignancies, including renal cell carcinoma (RCC), in the general population. However, there is no evidence of such an association in dialysis patients. Therefore, the aim of this study is to evaluate the prognostic significance of preoperative serum CRP levels in patients with RCC related to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) requiring hemodialysis (HD).
__label__0, Fatigue measurements were performed up to the very high cycle fatigue regime in order to investigate pit-to-crack transition in 12% Cr steam turbine blade steel. Pre-pitted and smooth specimens were tested in air and aerated 6 ppm Cl− solution. S–N curves for different stress ratios were determined and a stress ratio dependent critical pit size for pit-to-crack transition with subsequent failure was found. Early crack initiation and small crack growth were observed in the process of development and by fractography using field emission scanning electron microscopy. Fatigue crack growth rates (FCGR) for cracks emanating from pits were determined. Good similarity of FCGR curves for short and long cracks was obtained by normalising the stress intensity factor ranges with the threshold values.
__label__0, This chapter focuses on cementing equipment and casing hardware. In line with the trend toward deeper wells and more severe working environments, this technology has become increasingly sophisticated and the equipment has become more flexible in application and more reliable in operation. An extensive discussion is presented concerning the various types of equipment for bulk handling, storage, cement mixing, and pumping. In addition, special considerations for onshore and offshore cementing as well as cementing in remote locations are discussed. The chapter also discusses a wide variety of casing hardware and explains its operation. This discussion is supported by an extensive series of illustrations.
__label__0, L’asymétrie est une des caractéristiques pathognomoniques de la maladie de Parkinson idiopathique (MPI) qui se retrouve au niveau moteur, cognitif et émotionnel. Les troubles du contrôle des impulsions (TCI) sont fréquents.
__label__0, A new approach to solving the phase problem for X-ray specular reflectivity is proposed. An iterative algorithm is used to solve the nonlinear Fredholm integral equation describing the intensity of the X-rays reflection from the sample surface and to determine the concentration depth-profile of element. Effectiveness of the proposed method was tested by numerical experiments for the thin film. We compare the results obtained for the Cr film experimental data using the Parratt model, phaseless inverse scattering method (logarithmic dispersion relations), and the proposed method.
__label__0, Anodization by plasma electrolytic oxidation (PEO) and subsequent apatite coating were performed on a biodegradable AZ31 magnesium alloy to enhance its corrosion resistance and bioactivity in physiological solution. The PEO film itself (~ 48 μm in thickness) exhibited low bioactivity, where only aggregated apatite particles were deposited locally on its surface as a result of the alternative immersion method (AIM) in Ca–phosphate solutions. The uniformity of apatite coating on the PEO film was markedly improved by pretreatment of the film in a dilute NaOH solution. The alkali treatment induced the formation of a nano-size platelet Mg(OH)2 layer on the film surfaces that drastically enlarged the effective surface area for the precipitation of apatite. A uniform apatite layer as thick as 1 μm was successfully deposited on the hydroxide layer after AIM treatment. The enhanced uniformity of the apatite coating on an alkali- and AIM-treated surface significantly improved the corrosion resistance in both simulated body fluid (SBF) and NaCl solution, and the bioactivity in SBF.
__label__0, The state of the art and recent developments in application of nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) for structure elucidation and identification of small organic molecules are discussed. The recently suggested new two-dimensional (2D)-NMR experiments combined with the advanced instrumentation allow structure elucidation of new organic compounds at a sample amount of less than 10 µg. A pure shift approach that provides 1H-decoupled proton spectra drastically simplified 1H and 2D NMR spectra interpretation. The structure elucidation of extremely hydrogen-deficient compounds was dramatically facilitated due to the methodology based on combination of new 2D-NMR experiments providing long-range heteronuclear correlations with computer-assisted structure elucidation (CASE). The capabilities of CASE systems are discussed. The role of NMR-spectrum prediction in structure verification and NMR approaches for qualitative mixture analysis are considered.
__label__0, Hydrogen production from crude glycerol by two-stage processes of dark fermentation using Klebsiella sp. TR17 and photo fermentation using Rhodopseudomonas palustris TN1 (Rps. palustris TN1) was investigated in batch experiments. In dark fermentation, the cumulative hydrogen production and hydrogen yield was 64.24 mmol H2/L and 5.74 mmol H2/g COD consumed, respectively with 80.21% of glycerol conversion rate. The dark fermentation effluent (DFE) was employed for photo fermentation. Effect of DFE concentrations (0–5 times dilution), with and without supplementation of yeast extract (2.3 g/L) + NaHCO3 (0.63 g/L), and glutamate (2–8 mM) were optimized. The optimal conditions for hydrogen production from Rps. palustris TN1 were 5 times dilution of DFE without the supplement of yeast extract + NaHCO3, and 2 mM glutamate. Under the optimum conditions, the cumulative hydrogen production of 3.12 mmol H2/L and hydrogen yield of 0.68 mmol H2/g COD consumed was obtained. The total hydrogen yield of two-stage processes was estimated to be 6.42 mmol H2/g COD consumed which was 10.4% of the theoretical yield.
__label__0, Several efforts to develop pharmacological treatments with a beneficial effect on cognition in schizophrenia are underway, while cognitive remediation has shown modest effects on cognitive performance. Our goal was to test if pharmacological augmentation of cognitive training would result in enhancement of training-induced learning. We chose modafinil as the pharmacological augmenting agent, as it is known to have beneficial effects on learning and cognition. 49 participants with chronic schizophrenia were enroled in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study across two sites and were randomised to either modafinil (200 mg/day) or placebo. All participants engaged in a cognitive training program for 10 consecutive weekdays. The primary outcome measure was the performance on the trained tasks and secondary outcome measures included MATRICS cognitive battery, proxy measures of everyday functioning and symptom measures. 84% of the participants completed all study visits. Both groups showed significant improvement in the performance of the trained tasks suggesting potential for further learning. Modafinil did not induce differential enhancement on the performance of the trained tasks or any differential enhancement of the neuropsychological and functional measures compared to placebo. Modafinil showed no significant effects on symptom severity. Our study demonstrated that combining pharmacological compounds with cognitive training is acceptable to patients and can be implemented in large double-blind randomised controlled trials. The lack of differential enhancement of training-induced learning raises questions, such as choice and optimal dose of drug, cognitive domains to be trained, type of cognitive training, intervention duration and chronicity of illness that require systematic investigation in future studies.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the recent advances in the chemistry of metal–carbon triple bonds. The chemistry of metal–carbon triple bonds has developed at an increasing pace since the discovery of the first carbine–metal complexes. The metal atoms in the alkylidyne complexes were found to be less shielded than those in nitrido complexes but more shielded than those in compounds containing metal–metal multiple bonds. Aristov and Armentrout and Freiser derived the bond energies of metal– carbon triple bonds from gas-phase experiments. Metal–carbon triple bonds are generally described as consisting of one σ or two π bonds. The first transition-metal– carbyne complexes were synthesized in Fischer's laboratory by the treatment of alkoxycarbene pentacarbonylmetal complexes of chromium, molybdenum, and tungsten with boron trihalides. Oxalyl halides react directly with the pentacarbonylmetal acyl complexes of chromium, molybdenum, and tungsten to form the trans-alkylidyne (halo) tetracarbonyl complexes. The rearrangement of the silyl-substituted vinyl complexes has been proposed to occur by 1,2-silyl migration steps. Metal alkylidyne complexes undergo a variety of oxidation and reduction reactions as well as redox-induced transformations of the alkylidyne ligands. Addition of electrophiles to electron-rich isocyanide complexes is a proven synthetic method for the synthesis of aminocarbyne complexes. The chemistry of metal–carbon triple bonds has developed considerably during the late 1980s. The discovery of novel indium alkylidyne complexes indicates that the full range of metal–carbon triple bonds is not yet known.
__label__0, The boxicity (cubicity) of a graph G is the minimum natural number k such that G can be represented as an intersection graph of axis-parallel rectangular boxes (axis-parallel unit cubes) in R k . In this article, we give estimates on the boxicity and the cubicity of Cartesian, strong and direct products of graphs in terms of invariants of the component graphs. In particular, we study the growth, as a function of d , of the boxicity and the cubicity of the d th power of a graph with respect to the three products. Among others, we show a surprising result that the boxicity and the cubicity of the d th Cartesian power of any given finite graph is, respectively, in O ( log d / log log d ) and Θ ( d / log d ) . On the other hand, we show that there cannot exist any sublinear bound on the growth of the boxicity of powers of a general graph with respect to strong and direct products.
__label__0, There are number of ways in which weak electrification can affect the microphysics of clouds, with consequences for cloud lifetime, radiative properties, and precipitation efficiency. Kauffman [2011] suggested ions produced by direct current generators will add to and enhance the catalysing effects that cosmic ray ions are now known to produce in among other things, lowering nucleation barriers, stimulating charged particle growth and stability and increasing the scavenging rate in clouds. Thus to electrify the atmosphere ions can be generated artificially in abundance along with large electric field.
__label__0, A case study is presented using eutectic CO2 clathrate crystallization (ECC) as an alternative for eutectic freeze crystallization (EFC): a 3 kg/s MgSO4·11H2O salt production from 17 w% aqueous magnesium sulphate stream. Both processes were simulated using Aspen Plus 7.1® to calculate the major energy requirements.
__label__0, Glipizide, a second-generation sulfonylurea, has been widely used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. However, it is controversial whether or not glipizide would affect angiogenesis or vasculogenesis. In the present study, we used early chick embryo model to investigate the effect of glipizide on angiogenesis and vasculogenesis, which are the two major processes for embryonic vasculature formation as well as tumor neovascularization. We found that Glipizide suppressed both angiogenesis in yolk-sac membrane (YSM) and blood island formation during developmental vasculogenesis. Glipizide did not affect either the process of epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) or mesoderm cell migration. In addition, it did not interfere with separation of smooth muscle cell progenitors from hemangioblasts. Moreover, natriuretic peptide receptor A (NPRA) has been identified as the putative target for glipizide׳s inhibitory effect on vasculogenesis. When NPRA was overexpressed or activated, blood island formation was reduced. NPRA signaling may play a crucial role in the effect of glipizide on vasculogenesis during early embryonic development.
__label__0, Hierarchical 3D cobalt phosphate octahydrate (Co3(PO4)2·8H2O) architecture with flower-like morphologies assembled from 2D microsheets are successfully synthesized at room temperature by a green precipitate process without adding any surfactant. The as-prepared architecture with an interconnecting 2D microsheets structure provide large nanoscale pore channels for ion transport, exhibits remarkable pseudocapacitive activities including good specific capacitance (350 F/g at 1 A/g), rate capability (227 F/g at 10 A/g), and excellent cycling stability (capacitance increase to retention 102% after 1000 cycles).
__label__0, Assessing risk of developing a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) in nulliparous women is imprecise. Previous evidence suggests that self-reported family history of cardiovascular disease and risk (in particular risk in the woman’s father) may improve identification of preeclampsia (Parker, ISOM 2012). The aim of this study was to evaluate maternal report of paternal family history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) or risk (CVR) as a risk factor for HDP including preeclampsia.
__label__0, Free vibration of structures composed of rigid bodies and elastic beam segments is considered, assuming that the mass centers of rigid bodies are not located on the neutral axes of undeformed elastic beam segments. It is assumed that the rigid bodies of the system perform planar motion in the same plane and that their mass centers are located in that plane. The elastic beam segments are treated as the Euler–Bernoulli beams. In order to determine natural frequencies of the system, modification of the conventional continuous-mass transfer matrix method has been done. The order of the overall transfer matrix has been reduced by this modification. Theoretical considerations are accompanied by two numerical examples.
__label__0, This study presents the results of an energy audit which was carried out on a sample of 35 hotels in the Prefecture of Attica, Hellas focusing on their environmental and energy performance. During the energy audit, data was gathered with the collaboration of Athens Hotel Association and the Hellenic Chamber of Hotels. Energy normalization techniques are applied for the analysis of the data and the hotels are classified using a multivariate analysis. The energy classification of the hotels in Attica in 3 classes is based on clustering techniques using the collected data on the heating, cooling and electricity consumption of the hotels in the sample. A component/factor F1 is identified, which is an index of the hotels energy saving potential in absolute value. The study stresses the importance of this factor F1 as a means to promote sustainability and energy efficiency in the hotel sector and analyzes the best case scenario of each class in an effort to study best practices, set goals and define potentials for energy conservation.
__label__0, The vibrational frequency shift of physisorbed diatomic molecules is related to the interaction with the adsorbent expressed in terms of the internuclear distance ρ. The comparison between the theoretical and experimental frequency shift of H2, N2 and O2 adsorbed in NaA zeolite is used to discuss the interaction potential, especially in terms of the ionicity of the crystal.
__label__0, Classifying imbalanced data in medical informatics is challenging. Motivated by this issue, this study develops a classifier approach denoted as BSMAIRS. This approach combines borderline synthetic minority oversampling technique (BSM) and artificial immune recognition system (AIRS) as global optimization searcher with the nearest neighbor algorithm used as a local classifier. Eight electronic medical datasets collected from University of California, Irvine (UCI) machine learning repository were used to evaluate the effectiveness and to justify the performance of the proposed BSMAIRS. Comparisons with several well-known classifiers were conducted based on accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and G-mean. Statistical results concluded that BSMAIRS can be used as an efficient method to handle imbalanced class problems. To further confirm its performance, BSMAIRS was applied to real imbalanced medical data of lung cancer metastasis to the brain that were collected from National Health Insurance Research Database, Taiwan. This application can function as a supplementary tool for doctors in the early diagnosis of brain metastasis from lung cancer.
__label__0, The purpose of this study was to describe non-Hispanic blacks that use chiropractic health care to better understand this underserved demographic.
__label__0, In this work, a hydraulic operating temperature control of loop heat pipes (LHPs) was proposed to achieve a precise, stable, and theoretically predictable operating temperature control. To this end, a pressure controlled LHP was devised to control the saturated vapor temperature at the evaporator by applying hydraulic action on the compensation chamber with an immiscible control gas. In particular, by forming an isothermal region in the vapor transport line, it was attempted to control the temperature of the isothermal region, and the resulting operating temperature controllability was investigated in terms of stability, precision, and predictability. Theoretical basis and limitations of the proposed method were established based on the thermo-hydraulic operating principles of the LHPs, and experimental validation was performed using Dowtherm A as a working fluid and helium as the control gas. Test results showed that the devised pressure controlled LHP was able to control the isothermal region temperature within the stability of 25 mK, and the resolution of the temperature control was around 60 mK at 100 Pa change in the control gas pressure. Large scale operating temperature change was also possible, and a guide to achieve an effective operating temperature control was suggested. Details of the design and fabrication of the devised pressure controlled LHP was also provided.
__label__0, Les troubles du sommeil constituent un véritable problème de santé publique de nos jours. Les étudiants de médecine sont une population à haut risque de développer des troubles du sommeil notamment l’insomnie.
__label__0, Thermal-hydraulic performance of water wall system is a key operating target for supercritical once-through boiler. In this paper, the water wall system of a 600 MW supercritical circulating fluidized bed (CFB) boiler with complex furnace structure is treated as a simplified series-parallel flow network, which consists of parallel flow loops, pressure nodes and connecting tubes. Based on the mass, momentum and energy conservation of these components, a complex but accurate mathematical model for predicting the thermal-hydraulic characteristics of boiler heating surface is developed, which introduces numerous empirical correlations for heat transfer and flow resistance. The model was iteratively solved using the quasi-Newton method, and the thermal-hydraulic parameters of the water wall system at different operating loads, including mass flux distribution, total pressure drops, outlet vapor temperature and metal temperature profiles are obtained. The results exhibit good flow distribution characteristics and low mass flux deviations in the water wall system, and the total pressure drop is far lower than that in conventional supercritical once-through boilers at different operating loads. It is also found that the outlet vapor temperatures and the temperature differences in the water wall system are all in a permissible range and the metal temperatures meet the boiler operating requirement completely. It implies the design of water wall system in supercritical CFB boiler is successful.
__label__0, The thermodynamic efficiencies of regenerative cooling cycles are directly linked to the heat transfer effectiveness and thermal losses in the regenerator. This paper proposes a performance analysis for regenerators based on the Entropy Generation Minimization (EGM) theory. The mathematical model consists of the one-dimensional Brinkman–Forchheimer equation to describe the fluid flow in the porous matrix and coupled energy equations to determine the temperatures in the fluid and solid phases. The cycle-average entropy generation contributions due to axial heat conduction, fluid friction and interstitial heat transfer are calculated. The influences of parameters such as the mass flow rate, operating frequency, regenerator cross sectional area, housing aspect ratio, utilization factor and particle diameter are evaluated according to the variable geometry (VG) and fixed face (cross-section) area (FA) performance evaluation criteria (PEC). Optimal regenerator configurations are found for each PEC for flow rates between 40 and 300 kg/h (0.01 and 0.083 kg/s) and frequencies between 1 and 4 Hz with constraints of regenerator effectiveness equal to 95% and temperature span of 40 K.
__label__0, A quantum computer, if built, will be to an ordinary computer as a hydrogen bomb is to gunpowder, at least for some types of computations. Today no quantum computer exists, beyond laboratory prototypes capable of solving only tiny problems, and many practical problems remain to be solved. Yet the theory of quantum computing has advanced significantly in the past decade, and is becoming a significant discipline in itself. This article explains the concepts and basic mathematics behind quantum computers and some of the promising approaches for building them. We also discuss quantum communication, an essential component of future quantum information processing, and quantum cryptography, widely expected to be the first practical application for quantum information technology.
__label__0, GaAsBi/GaAs nanostructure is successfully grown by metalorganic vapor phase epitaxy. The GaAsBi layer grown on a rough GaAs buffer surface is investigated in order to succeed the formation of quantum dots (QDs) structures. Photoluminescence (PL) measurements show signals from all QDs up to the room-temperature. The PL peak positions are nearly unchanged by varying measurement temperature, but relative intensity of some peaks has changed. In addition, the positions of these low temperature PL peaks slightly shift after annealing, although the QDs luminescence intensity has strongly affected. These results are considered to be related to the reduced size of the QDs and/or by Bi content changes in the QDs.
__label__0, Bandwidth-constrained real-time conversational video communications (such as mobile teleconferencing) require video codecs with good rate-distortion characteristics at low bit-rates and modest computational complexity. While target-specific object-based and model-based coding methods have been proposed for low bit-rate conversational video coding, difficulties in generalization and high computational complexity hinder their practical utilization. In this paper, we propose a low bit-rate coding method for typical conversational video by combining two-dimensional model-based coding of face regions and object-based coding of non-face head-shoulder regions, achieving high-quality face reconstruction and low overall bit-rate with real-time encoding capability. Experiments on typical conversational test sequences confirm that, compared to other conversational video codecs, our model-and-object-based coding method offers superior rate-distortion performance at low bit-rates.
__label__0, Overtaking maneuvers were studied in real traffic, by comparing cases where a change in the opposite traffic occurred during the overtaking maneuver i.e., appearance of an oncoming car, with cases where no change occurred during the maneuver i.e., either an already apparent oncoming car or no oncoming car. In total 45 naturally occurring cases of overtaking were analysed. By examining the time headways (TH) between the overtaking car and the other cars involved, at the end of the maneuver, a significant correlation was found between the TH to opposite traffic and the TH rear to the overtaken car. In cases where a change in the opposite traffic occurred and the proximity to opposite traffic was below a critical TH (<4 s) the appearance of a new-oncoming car caused the overtakers to actively press, both longitudinally and laterally, close to the overtaken car. In cases of overtaking where no change in the opposite traffic occurred, the TH rear to the overtaking vehicle was unaffected by the TH to the opposite traffic. Interestingly, in comparing cases where an oncoming car appeared during overtaking with cases where an oncoming car was apparent from the start of the maneuver both the TH to the opposite traffic and the duration of the maneuver were not found to be significantly different. It is suggested that drivers were probably expecting to be confronted with an oncoming car during the overtaking. However, the decreased available time to disambiguate this situation leads the overtaking driver to limit the rear safety margin of the vehicle being overtaken. The appropriateness of this practice, in terms of safety, remains questionable.
__label__0, Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is used in many different oncologic fields. Also in gastroenterology, where have been a few attempts to treat both the premalignant lesion and advanced colorectal cancer. This review aims to give a general overview of the PDT application to colorectal cancer in the field of clinical trials to emphasize its curative, and insufficiently exploited potential.
__label__0, L’infarctus artériel cérébral de l’enfant est une pathologie rare dans laquelle les techniques de revascularisation par thrombolyse ou par thrombectomie mécanique ne sont actuellement pas recommandées.
__label__0, Although classically ascribed to dysfunction of the basal ganglia, work with the dystonic (dt) rat has shown that dystonia can arise from abnormal cerebellar output. The dt rat manifests generalized dystonia caused by deficiency of the neuronally restricted protein, caytaxin. Electrophysiological and biochemical studies provided evidence that defects at the climbing fiber-Purkinje cell synapse in the dt rat lead to abnormal bursting firing patterns in the cerebellar nuclei, which increase linearly with postnatal age. Mouse models of caytaxin deficiency (jittery, sidewinder, and hesitant) show variable degrees of dystonia and ataxia.
__label__0, In this work a new concept for designing an efficient monitoring system for large scale chemical plants is presented. It is considered that the monitoring problem must be solved integrated with the optimal sensor location together with the plant-wide control structure design. The solution of these problems involves deciding among a great number of possible combinations between the input−output variables. It is done supported by the application of genetic algorithm (GA). The key new idea is to propose an adequate objective function, within the GA, that takes into account a fault detectability index based on combined statistics. Additionally, by using a specific penalty function, it is possible to drive the search to the less expensive structure, that is by using the lowest number of sensors. The well-known benchmark case of the Tennessee Eastman plant (TE) is chosen for testing this methodology and for discussion purposes. Since several authors have studied the TE case, the results obtained here can be rigorously compared with those already published. All of the previous works considered that every TE output variables were available for the abnormal events detection for designing the monitoring system.
__label__0, Members of the class of 9-anilinoacridine topoisomerase II inhibitors bearing lipophilic electron-donating 1‘-anilino substituents are active against both the promastigote and amastigote forms of the parasite Leishmania major. A series of analogues of the known 1‘-NHhexyl lead compound were prepared and evaluated against L. major in macrophage culture to further develop structure−activity relationships (SAR). Toxicity toward mammalian cells was measured in a human leukemia cell line, and the ratio of the two IC50 values (IC50(J)/IC50(L)) was used as a measure of the in vitro therapeutic index (IVTI). A 3,6-diNMe2 substitution pattern on the acridine greatly increased toxicity to L. major without altering mammalian toxicity, increasing IVTIs over that of the lead compound. The 2-OMe, 6-Cl acridine substitution pattern used in the antimalarial drug mepacrine also resulted in potent antileishmanial activity and high IVTIs. Earlier suggestions of the utility of 2‘-OR groups in lowering mammalian cytotoxicity were not borne out in this wider study. A series of very lipophilic 1‘-NRR (symmetric dialkylamino)-substituted analogues showed relatively high antileishmanial potency, but no clear trend was apparent across the series, and none were superior to the 1‘-NH(CH2)5Me subclass. Subsets of the most active 1‘-N(R)(CH2)5Me- and 1‘-N(alkyl)2-substituted compounds against L. major were also evaluated against Leishmania donovani, Trypanosoma cruzi, and Trypanosoma brucei, but no consistent SAR could be discerned in these physiologically diverse test systems. The present study has confirmed earlier conclusions that lipophilic electron-donating groups at the 1‘-position of 9-anilinoacridines provide high activity against L. major, but the SAR patterns observed do not carry over to the other parasites studied.
__label__0, In this paper we discuss design guidelines for solid-catalyzed reactive distillation systems. The guidelines are used to generate initial estimates for column pressure, reactive zone location, catalyst mass, reactant feed location, reactant ratio, reflux ratio, column diameter, number of equilibrium stages, and packed height. They form a part of a methodical design procedure that makes extensive use of both nonequilibrium (rate-based) and equilibrium-stage simulation models. Important choices prior to design include selection of reliable thermodynamic and reaction kinetic models. We tested the guidelines for two etherification systems and validated them experimentally for a hydration reaction. The results from a case study, the manufacture of tert-amyl methyl ether, are shown here. Superimposing reaction on separation leads to unique design trade-offs. Thus, column diameter depends both on maximum vapor velocity and on packing catalyst density, reactant ratios are a function of conversion and azeotrope formation, the operating pressure affects the relative volatility, chemical equilibrium, and reaction rate (reactive zone temperature), and the reflux ratio impacts both separation and conversion. The guidelines and procedures presented here simplify the detailed reactive column design considerably.
__label__0, A series of 2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1H-benzimidazole-1-carboxamide derivatives bearing a piperazine moiety was synthesized. Their in vitro 5-HT4, 5-HT3, and D2 receptors affinities were evaluated by radioligand binding assay. For selected compounds functional studies at the 5-HT4 receptor were made by using precontracted (by carbachol) preparations of rat esophageal tunica muscularis mucosae (TMM). The influence of the 3-substituent of the benzimidazole ring, the 4-substituent of the piperazine moiety, and the alkylene spacer was studied. Compounds with an ethyl or a cyclopropyl substituent in the 3-position of the benzimidazole ring showed moderate to high affinity (Ki = 6.7−75.4 nM) for the 5-HT4 receptor with selectivity over 5-HT3 and D2 receptors and moderate antagonist activity (pKb = 6.19−7.73). Compounds with an isopropyl substituent in the 3-benzimidazole position exhibited moderate and selective 5-HT4 affinity (Ki ≥ 38.9 nM) and a partial agonist activity (5a, i.a. = 0.94) higher than that of the reference compound BIMU 8 (i.a. = 0.70). This reversal of the pharmacological activity due only to a small structural difference might confirm the existence of two binding sites on the 5-HT4 receptor. In the alkylene spacer, a two-methylene chain is favorable to optimize the affinity and the antagonist or the partial agonist activity. In the ethyl and cyclopropyl series, 5-HT4 antagonist activity seems to be unrelated to the size of the 4-substituent of the piperazine moiety, whereas a methyl group is optimal for high partial agonist activity in the isopropyl series; however, the presence of a butyl substituent is a favorable pattern for 5-HT4 antagonism and even causes a reversal of the pharmacological profile in the isopropyl series (5h, pKb = 7.94). N-Butyl quaternization of 5a led to an improvement in affinity for the 5-HT4 receptor and mantained the high partial agonist activity (5r, Ki = 66.3 nM, i.a. = 0.93).
__label__0, The dicaffeoylquinic acids (DCQAs) and dicaffeoyltartaric acids (DCTAs) are potent and selective inhibitors of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) integrase. They also inhibit HIV-1 replication at nontoxic concentrations. Since integrase is an excellent target for anti-HIV therapy, structure−activity relationships were employed to synthesize compounds with:  (1) improved potency against HIV-1 integrase, (2) improved anti-HIV effect in tissue culture, and (3) increased selectivity as indicated by low cellular toxicity. Thirty-four analogues of the DCTAs and DCQAs were synthesized and tested for cell toxicity, anti-HIV activity, and inhibition of HIV-1 integrase. Seventeen of the 34 analogues had potent activity against HIV-1 integrase ranging from 0.07 to >10 μM. Seventeen analogues that were synthesized or purchased had no inhibitory activity against integrase at concentrations of 25 μM. Of the biologically active analogues, 7 of the 17 inhibited HIV replication at nontoxic concentrations. The most potent compounds were d-chicoric acid, meso-chicoric acid, bis(3,4-dihydroxydihydrocinnamoyl)-l-tartaric acid, digalloyl-l-tartaric acid, bis(3,4-dihydroxybenzoyl)-l-tartaric acid, dicaffeoylglyceric acid, and bis(3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetyl)-l-tartaric acid. Anti-HIV activity of the active compounds in tissue culture ranged from 35 to 0.66 μM. Structure−activity relationships demonstrated that biscatechol moieties were absolutely required for inhibition of integrase, while at least one free carboxyl group was required for anti-HIV activity. These data demonstrate that analogues of the DCTAs and the DCQAs can be synthesized which have improved activity against HIV integrase.
__label__0, We have ranked 13 different TIBO derivatives with respect to their relative free energies of binding using two approximate computational methods:  adaptive chemical Monte Carlo/molecular dynamics (CMC/MD) and Poisson−Boltzmann/solvent accessibility (PB/SA) calculations. Eight of these derivatives have experimentally determined binding affinities. The remaining new derivatives were constructed based on contour maps around R86183 (8Cl-TIBO), generated with the program PROFEC (pictorial representation of free energy changes). The rank order among the derivatives with known binding affinity was in good agreement with experimental results for both methods, with average errors in the binding free energies of 1.0 kcal/mol for CMC/MD and 1.3 kcal/mol for the PB/SA method. With both methods, we found that one of the new derivatives was predicted to bind 1−2 kcal/mol better than R86183, which is the hitherto most tightly binding derivative. This result was subsequently supported by the most rigorous free energy computational methods:  free energy perturbation (FEP) and thermodynamic integration (TI). The strategy we have used here should be generally useful in structure-based drug optimization. An initial ligand is derivatized based on PROFEC suggestions, and the derivatives are ranked with CMC/MD and PB/SA to identify promising compounds. Since these two methods rely on different sets of approximations, they serve as a good complement to each other. Predictions of the improved affinity can be reinforced with FEP or TI and the best compounds synthesized and tested. Such a computational strategy would allow many different derivatives to be tested in a reasonable time, focusing synthetic efforts on the most promising modifications.
__label__0, The R- and S-isomers of 3,5-dinitro-o-tyrosine (6a,b) have been synthesized through the use of chemoenzymatic synthesis and shown to bind differentially with the α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropanoic acid (AMPA, 3) receptors. The phenolic functional group of these o-tyrosine analogues was designed to act as a bioisostere of the γ-carboxyl group of glutamate. The S-isomer of 3,5-dinitro-o-tyrosine (6b) was 6.5 times more potent than the R-isomer (6a) in inhibiting [3H]AMPA binding with IC50 values of 13 ± 7 and 84 ± 26 μM, respectively. The phenolic group was important for binding affinity since the methoxy compound 7 was less potent than the phenolic compound 6 in inhibiting the binding of AMPA. The free amino group was also shown to be important since the N-acetyl analogue 15 and the N-t-BOC compounds 16 and 17 exhibited very low affinity for the AMPA receptors. AMPA receptor functional tests showed that the o-tyrosine analogues are antagonists and that the S-isomer 6b (IC50 = 630 ± 140 μM) was more potent than the racemate 6 (IC50 = 730 ± 88 μM) while the R-isomer 6a was inactive up to 1 mM concentration, which is consistent with the S-isomer having higher binding affinity than the R-isomer.
__label__0, Three different types of peptides containing aziridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid (Azi) as an electrophilic α-amino acid at different positions within the peptide chain (type I, N-acylated aziridines with Azi as C-terminal amino acid; type II, N-unsubstituted aziridines with Azi as N-terminal amino acid; type III, N-acylated bispeptidyl derivatives of Azi) have been synthesized and tested as inhibitors of the cysteine proteases papain, cathepsins B, L, and H, and calpains I and II, as well as against several serine proteases, one aspartate, and one metalloprotease. All aziridinyl peptides are specific cysteine protease inhibitors. Papain and cathepsins B and L are inhibited irreversibly, whereas cathepsin H and calpains are inhibited in a non-time-dependent manner. Some compounds turned out to be substrates for serine proteases and for the metalloprotease thermolysin. Remarkable differences can be observed between the three different types of inhibitors concerning stereospecificity, pH dependency of inhibition, selectivity between different cysteine proteases, and the importance of a free carboxylic acid function at the aziridine ring for inhibition. Above all type II inhibitors, aza analogues of the well-known epoxysuccinyl peptides, are potent cysteine protease inhibitors. With the exception of BOC-Leu-Gly-(S,S+R,R)-Azi-(OEt)2 (28a+b), a highly selective and potent cathepsin L inhibitor, N-acylated aziridines of type I are weaker inhibitors than type II or type III compounds. The observed results can be explained by different binding modes of the three types of inhibitors with respect to their orientation in the S- and S‘-binding sites of the enzymes. Furthermore, the presence of a protonated aziridine N modifies the binding mode of type II inhibitors.
__label__0, Using our recently derived group contribution solvation (GCS) model, we have developed a predictive model for the octanol−water partition coefficient (KOW), the GCSKOW model. In this model KOW is calculated from two molecular structure parameters, which take into account the size and shape effects, and one energy parameter that determines the attractive interactions between the solute and the solvent. On the basis of quantum mechanical studies, we found that for organic solutes with a single strong functional group, all these parameters can be obtained in a group contribution manner. Consequently, we present a database here for various functional group contributions in this new, easy-to-use model. The root-mean-square deviation of the predicted log KOW from the GCSKOW model for 226 solutes is found to be 0.14 (which corresponds to 38% in KOW), which is considerably less than those from the methods of Hansch and Leo (0.18 in log KOW or 51%), KOW−UNIFAC (0.21 or 62%), and LSER (0.23 or 71%).
__label__0, Optimization studies were carried out for the synthesis of zeolite A by a hydrothermal method using alkali-activated bentonite as raw material. The process of alkali fusion activation and optimization of the composition were studied by TG-DTA, XRD, and calcium ion exchange capacity. It was found that a mixture of additional alumina (aluminum hydroxide) and bentonite was converted to highly reactive sodium silicate, sodium aluminate, and aluminosilicate by alkali fusion activation using Na2CO3 at high temperature. Zeolite A with a maximum crystallinity of 82.7% and calcium ion exchange capacity of 302 mg of CaCO3/g was obtained at optimized conditions.
__label__0, A practical approach to the control of final product quality in semibatch reactors is proposed. It is based on the use of readily available on-line measurements such as temperatures plus a few off-line analyses obtained from one or more samples taken from the reactor throughout the course of the batch run. These measurements are used either with a theoretically-based model or with simple empirical regression models to predict the final product properties. If the predictions fall outside of a defined no-control region, then a midcourse correction is made to bring the product quality closer to target. The approach is illustrated for the control of molecular weight and cross-link density in the simulated semibatch emulsion polymerization of styrene−butadiene rubber (SBR).
__label__0, The formation of heterogeneous structure through intramolecular reaction is an important feature of the free radical cross-linking copolymerization of methyl methacrylate (MMA) and ethylene glycol dimethacrylate (EGDMA). Such structure formation affects not only the curing behavior but also the rheological changes of the resin. In this study, the reaction kinetics, rheological changes, and the size distribution of formed polymers are measured by differential scanning calorimetry, rheometry, dynamic light scattering goniometry, and gel permeation chromatography. A 3-D percolation model is developed to simulate this monovinyl and divinyl copolymerization system. The simulation results agree well with the experimental observations qualitatively.
__label__0, A series of pyrimidine thioethers was synthesized and evaluated for inhibitory properties against wild-type HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) and an RT carrying the resistance-conferring mutation P236L. Modifications of both the pyrimidine and the functionality attached through the thioether yielded several analogues, which demonstrated activity against both enzyme types, with IC50 values as low as 190 nM against wild-type and 66 nM against P236L RT. Evaluation of a select number of pyrimidine thioethers in cell culture showed that these compounds have excellent activity against HIV-1IIIB-WT and retain good activity against a laboratory-derived HIV-1MF delavirdine-resistant variant.
__label__0, In addition to their well-studied bronchodilatory and cardiotonic effects, beta-adrenergic agonists carry anti-inflammatory properties by inhibiting cytokine production by human mononuclear cells. In a model of human promonocytic THP-1 cells stimulated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS), we showed that beta-agonists inhibited tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-8 production predominantly via the beta(2)-adrenergic receptor through the generation of cAMP and activation of protein kinase A. This effect was reproduced by other cAMP-elevating agents such as prostaglandins and cAMP analogs. Activation and nuclear translocation of the transcription factor nuclear factor-kappaB induced by LPS were inhibited with treatment with beta-agonists, an effect that was prominent at late time points (>1 h). Although the initial IkappaB-alpha degradation induced by LPS was minimally affected by beta-agonists, the latter induced a marked rebound of the cytosolic IkappaB-alpha levels at later time points (>1 h), accompanied by an increased IkappaB-alpha cytoplasmic half-life. This potentially accounts for the observed nuclear factor-kappaB sequestration in the cytoplasmic compartment. We postulate that the anti-inflammatory effects of beta-agonists reside in their capacity to increase cytoplasmic concentrations of IkappaB-alpha, possibly by decreasing its degradation.
__label__0, The mechanism of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)-induced inflammation in the airways of infants and children is not fully understood. We hypothesized that RSV directly induces interleukin (IL)-8 gene expression in airway epithelial cells, independent of IL-1 beta and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) production. Exposure of A549 cells (an airway epithelial cell line) to RSV resulted in increased IL-8 mRNA expression and IL-8 protein release from the cells as early as 2 h after treatment. Neither IL-1 beta nor TNF-alpha (mRNA or protein) were detected. Viral replication was not necessary for the effects of RSV on IL-8 mRNA expression and protein release early in the infectious process. However, sustained levels of increased IL-8 production required RSV replication. A dose-response relationship was observed between the multiplicity of infection and IL-8 production with both active and nonreplicative RSV at the 2-h time point. Both active RSV and nonreplicative RSV increased the transcriptional activity of the 1.6-kb 5' flanking region of the IL-8 gene. Neither active RSV nor nonreplicative RSV increased the stability of the IL-8 mRNA in A549 cells. We conclude that RSV increases IL-8 gene expression in A549 cells in a biphasic pattern independent of viral replication early (2 h) but dependent on viral replication late (24 h).
__label__0, Radiotracer techniques were used to measure influx and efflux rates of Ca2+ in freshwater-adapted Oreochromis mossambicus. The influx rate of Ca2+ is related to body weight (W) as Fin = 50W0.805 nmol Ca2+/h. For a 20-g fish the calculated influx rate was 558 nmol Ca2+/h, and this was attributed largely to extraintestinal uptake since the drinking rate was estimated to be only 28 microliter water/h, which corresponds to an intake of 22.4 nmol Ca2+/h. The Ca2+ efflux rate was calculated using the initial rate of appearance of radiotracer in the ambient water and the specific activity of plasma Ca2+. Tracer efflux rates were constant over 6-8 h, which indicated that there was no substantial loss of tracer in either the urine or the feces because this would have resulted in random bursts of tracer loss. Efflux rates then primarily represent integumentary and presumably branchial efflux rates. The efflux rate of Ca2+ is related to body weight as Fout = 30W0.563 nmol Ca2+/h, which means an efflux rate of 162 nmol Ca2+/h for a 20-g fish. The net whole-body Ca2+ influx, calculated as Fnet = Fin - Fout, was 396 nmol/h for a 20-g fish, which proves that the ambient water is an important source of Ca2+.
__label__0, A role for nitric oxide (NO) in wound healing has been proposed; however, the absolute requirement of NO for wound healing in vivo and the contribution of endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) have not been determined. Experiments were carried out using eNOS gene knockout (KO) mice to determine the requirement for eNOS on wound closure and wound strength. Excisional wound closure was significantly delayed in the eNOS KO mice (29.4 +/- 2.2 days) compared with wild-type (WT) controls (20.2 +/- 0.4 days). At 10 days, incisional wound tensile strength demonstrated a 38% reduction in the eNOS KO mice. Because effective wound repair requires growth factor-stimulated angiogenesis, in vitro and in vivo angiogenesis assays were performed in the mice to assess the effects of eNOS deficiency on angiogenesis. Endothelial cell sprouting assays confirmed in vitro that eNOS is required for proper endothelial cell migration, proliferation, and differentiation. Aortic segments harvested from eNOS KO mice cultured with Matrigel demonstrated a significant reduction in endothelial cell sprouting and [(3)H]thymidine incorporation compared with WT mice at 5 days. Capillary ingrowth into subcutaneously implanted Matrigel plugs was significantly reduced in eNOS KO mice (2.67 +/- 0.33 vessels/plug) compared with WT mice (10.17 +/- 0.79 vessels/plug). These results clearly show that eNOS plays a significant role in facilitating wound repair and growth factor-stimulated angiogenesis.
__label__0, Vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) and peptide histidine-isoleucine (PHI) receptors and the signaling pathways to which they are coupled were characterized in dispersed gastric smooth muscle cells. Radioligand binding using 125I-labeled VIP and PHI identified 4 classes of receptors: VIP-preferring and PHI-preferring receptors recognized by both ligands and readily desensitized by the preferred ligand, and VIP-specific and PHI-specific receptors recognized by only 1 ligand and resistant to desensitization. All except VIP-specific receptors were coupled to adenylate cyclase. VIP-specific receptors mediated a G protein-coupled Ca2+ influx that led to activation of NO synthase (NOS), NO-dependent activation of soluble guanylate cyclase, and activation of guanosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (cGMP) kinase resulting in muscle relaxation. The entire cascade was blocked by Ca2+ channel and/or calmodulin antagonists. The NOS inhibitor NG-nitro-L-arginine abolished L-[3H]citrulline (coproduct of NO synthesis) and cGMP generation and partly inhibited (52 +/- 4%) relaxation. The components of response mediated by VIP-specific receptors (increase in [Ca2+]i, L-[3H]citrulline, and cGMP) were preserved after desensitization. Insertion of guanosine 5'-O-(beta-thio)diphosphate into reversibly permeabilized muscle cells abolished responses mediated by VIP-preferring and VIP-specific receptors. VIP stimulated both adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (cAMP)-kinase and cGMP-kinase activities consistent with stimulation of cAMP and cGMP. Both kinases contributed to relaxation that was partly inhibited by cAMP-kinase [H-89 and (R)-p-adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphorothioate] and cGMP-kinase (KT-5823) inhibitors and abolished by a combination of the 2 types of inhibitors. We conclude that VIP-specific receptors mediate a G protein-coupled Ca2+ influx leading to activation of a constitutive Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent NOS and generation of NO, which is partly responsible for relaxation in smooth muscle.
__label__0, Background/aim:                       CD44 is a multistructural and multifunctional cell surface molecule which is involved in cell proliferation, differentiation, migration and angiogenesis. Here we investigated the potential role of CD44 in patients with metastasized pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, colorectal and stomach cancer, which were treated with different combinations of palliative chemotherapy.                  Patients and methods:                       CD44 expression was measured by flow cytometry in patients' (n=15) blood samples and the findings were correlated with CA19-9 expression and with computed tomography results.                  Results:                       We found a significant correlation (p<0.05) between the CD44 decrease and the tumor response according to the tumor marker elevation/ response evaluation criteria in solid tumors.                  Conclusion:                       We were able to monitor changes of CD44 expression after chemotherapy and detected a correlation between the CD44 decrease and the patients' response to treatment. Our findings show that CD44 detection helps to monitor chemotherapy response in patients with gastrointestinal cancer.
__label__0, Leukocyte differential counting by flow cytochemistry has shown 28 subjects with partial or complete neutrophil myeloperoxidase (MPO) deficiency in a population of about 60 000 patients screened at a general hospital. Partial (13 patients) or complete (13 patients) MPO deficiency was confirmed by examination of cytochemical stains in 26, biochemical measurement of total enzymatic activity in eight, and flow cytometry in six patients. None had apparent hematologic disorders. Only four patients had infections; of these, two had major systemic infections (one, candidiasis; one, bacteremia). In assays of leukocyte function only minor defects in killing of Staphylococcus aureus by MPO-deficient cells were noted whereas killing of Candida albicans was much more impaired. Family studies in eight patients have shown various degrees of partial or complete MPO deficiency in first-degree relatives of six. The findings indicate that the incidence of MPO deficiency is much higher than previously suspected. Although MPO appears to be necessary for killing of Candida species by neutrophils, the importance of its role in normal antibacterial defense must be re-evaluated.
__label__0, We investigated the effect of sublethal concentrations of hypochlorous acid (HOCl) on intracellular thiol groups. Exposure of human umbilical vein endothelial cells to HOCl caused a decrease in cell viability, with concentrations of </=25 microM HOCl being sublethal. At these concentrations, we saw a loss of glutathione and total protein thiol groups. Of the thiol enzymes we investigated, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) was particularly susceptible to inactivation, creatine kinase was moderately susceptible, and lactate dehydrogenase was unaffected by HOCl at the concentrations used. Similar results were obtained with HOCl generated over 30 min by myeloperoxidase. GAPDH activity could be regenerated on reincubation of cells in Hanks' balanced salt solution or reduction with dithiothreitol. In contrast, glutathione loss was not reversible, and further decreased with time. Cellular ATP levels decreased with sublethal HOCl concentrations and this appeared to be unrelated to the inactivation of GAPDH. Our results demonstrate that intracellular thiol groups differ in their reactivity with HOCl and suggest that HOCl may be able to regulate specific cellular functions.
__label__0, Low-level, steady electric fields of 6-10 volts/cm stimulated directional orientation and translocation of cultured human retinal pigment epithelial cells. The orientative movements (galvanotropism) consisted of somatic elongation of the cells into spindle shapes, followed by pivotal alignment orthogonal to the field. The anodal edges of the cells underwent retraction of their plasmalemmal extensions, while the cathode edges and the longitudinal ends developed lamellipodia and ruffled membranes. These tropic movements were followed by a translocational movement (galvanotaxis) of the cells towards the cathode. Staining of these migrating cells for actin showed the accumulation of stress fibers at the leading (cathodal) edge, as well as at the longitudinal ends of the elongated somata. These results suggest that endogenous, biologically-generated electric fields (eg., injury currents) may play a role in the guidance and migration of retinal pigment epithelial cells after retinal injury.
__label__0, The expression of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) genes during skeletal and cardiac muscle hypertrophy was examined using skeletal and cardiac muscle hypertrophy was examined using adult 5-mo-old female Wistar-Furth rats implanted with growth hormone-secreting GH3 cells. Control and treated animals were killed at 40, 60, and 80 days after initiation of the experiment. From the time of injection to day 80, body, heart, skeletal muscle, and liver weights increased 112, 93, 55, and 314%, respectively. RNA was extracted and steady-state levels of IGF-I and IGF-II mRNAs were quantitated using a solution-hybridization nuclease-protection assay. Low levels of mRNA for both growth factors were detected in control tissues. By day 80 IGF-I mRNA had increased eightfold and IGF-II mRNA sixfold in skeletal muscle from treated rats. In cardiac muscle the levels of mRNA for both growth factors rose three- to fourfold. Although growth hormone induced an increase in hepatic IGF-I mRNA, IGF-II mRNA remained nearly undetectable. This study shows that during growth hormone-stimulated muscle growth mRNAs for both IGF-I and IGF-II accumulate, supporting other observations implicating the IGFs as paracrine or autocrine factors involved in skeletal muscle growth.
__label__0, In primates, corpus luteum development involves both gonadotrophin stimulation and exposure to low density lipoprotein (LDL) delivered through vascularization of the granulosa cell-derived layer. These regulatory influences were modelled in vitro using granulosa cells obtained during in-vitro fertilization (IVF) cycles controlled with gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) analogue, human menopausal gonadotrophin (HMG) and human chorionic gonadotrophin (HCG). Granulosa cells were cultured in defined medium on extracellular matrix. Without gonadotrophin or LDL in the medium, progesterone production declined progressively. With LDL alone, there was a short-lived elevation of progesterone output which subsequently declined. Culture with HCG alone resulted in a relatively unchanged rate of steroid production over 5 days despite morphological development. This contrasted with a marked and sustained increase in progesterone output over the same time when granulosa cells were cultured with combined HCG/LDL. Cultures were challenged with combined HCG/LDL on day 5. Where initial incubation included HCG, the challenge resulted in a recovery of progesterone output to values comparable to those of granulosa cells exposed to continuous HCG/LDL. Initial incubation without gonadotrophin led to a reduced response. Results suggest that LDL delivery to granulosa cells of the early corpus luteum causes a short-lived period of progesterone production. Sustained luteinization of granulosa cells and maintenance of gonadotrophin responsiveness requires continued exposure to gonadotrophin in the luteal phase.
__label__0, Addition of 20% fetal bovine serum (FBS) to media used for cryopreservation does not reduce the premature release of cortical granules but does prevent their action on the zona pellucida and thereby prevents zona hardening. In this paper, it is shown that the washing period required for removal of FBS is less than 12 min for cumulus-free oocytes and between 150 and 170 min for cumulus-intact oocytes. When these washing periods are observed after exposure of oocytes to the cryoprotectant dimethylsulphoxide (DMSO; 1.5 M) in the presence of 20% FBS, a subsequent exposure to calcium ionophore A23187 or a second exposure to 1.5 M DMSO both lead to zona hardening. This result suggests that sufficient cortical granules remain to elicit a block to polyspermy at fertilization. Oocytes, which had been exposed to DMSO and FBS and then washed free of both, were fertilized in vitro; the incidence of polyspermy was not found to be elevated over the level found in controls.
__label__0, The partition coefficients of seven α-amino acids in the system water + 1-butanol have been measured at 25 °C from the very dilute region up to saturation. The solubilities of these amino acids in the pure solvents and in the miscible composition range of the solvent system have also been studied in this work. It was found that the partition coefficients of the amino acids and the composition of the phase-partitioning system are strongly dependent on the amino acid concentration and on the chemical nature of their side-chain moiety. The experimental data were successfully correlated with a thermodynamic model which describes conveniently defined excess solubilities via a simple excess Gibbs energy model having a single amino acid specific parameter. In addition, a simple method for the estimation of the solubility of amino acids in pure alkanols is presented.
__label__0, Commercial anion exchangers are unable to selectively remove dissolved chromate or CrO42- at neutral to alkaline pH in the presence of other competing anions, namely, sulfate, chloride, bicarbonate, and nitrate. This study reports the results of a new anion exchanger, referred to as polymeric ligand exchanger or PLE, which shows very high chromate affinity under otherwise identical conditions. Laboratory results indicate that the PLE is also amenable to efficient regeneration and chemically stable in the presence of sorbed chromate species.
__label__0, The synthesis of new nucleoside analogues is currently of high interest. We report here full details of a study leading to the synthesis of novel isoxazolidinyl analogues of α-amino acid nucleosides. Three different synthetic approaches starting from l-serine have been evaluated for the construction of the isoxazolidine ring. These approaches consisted of Michael addition of N-benzylhydroxylamine to α,β-unsaturated esters, nucleophilic addition of silyl ketene acetals to nitrones and 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition of nitrones with vinyl acetate. Both Michael addition and nucleophilic addition of enolates could be carried out with stereocontrol at the newly formed stereogenic carbon. The stereocontrol observed in these reactions arises from the protecting group arrangement in the l-serine-derived substrates. Thus, whereas compounds having a diprotected nitrogen led to syn adducts, compounds having a monoprotected nitrogen gave rise to anti adducts. On the other hand, substrates having either a diprotected or monoprotected nitrogen atom led to anti adducts through the cycloaddition route. So, by choosing the appropriate route, isoxazolidinyl analogues having either syn or anti configuration with respect to the glycine unit can be prepared in enantiomerically pure form. The stereoselective synthesis of isoxazolidinyl analogues of deoxypolyoxin C and uracil polyoxin C in both d and l enantiomeric forms using these techniques has been achieved in good yields.
__label__0, Flow and reaction in a typical commercial scale autoclave LDPE reactor were modeled by a three-dimensional computational fluid dynamic (CFD) k−ε model in order to shed light on the macrosegregation effects that can occur in these reactors. It is shown that the CFD model predicts significant differences from CSTR behavior. Results are discussed in terms of the effects of macro- and microscale inhomogeneities of concentration and temperature on free radical polymerization kinetics. The observed nonidealities in terms of minima in the initiator consumption curves and multiple steady states are explained on the basis of competing turbulent transport and chemical kinetics. Microsegregation effects are shown to be negligible in comparison to macrosegregation effects. Given the fact that the CFD model is based on reactive scalar and energy balances without adjusted parameters in the three-dimensional flow field of the entire reactor, it is tentatively concluded that commercial-scale LDPE vessel reactors can have significant macrosegregation effects beyond a certain steady-state adiabatic operating temperature that is specific to the initiator being used.
__label__0, A semiempirical thermodynamic model is proposed for prediction of the solubility of salts in mixed aqueous−organic solvents. This model requires only standard thermodynamic properties for the pure components and for the solutes at infinite dilution in each solvent. The new method is illustrated with predictions of solubility for several salts in mixtures of water with methanol and ethanol. The method developed here could be of particular interest for process calculations and design of low-energy extractive crystallization methods for production of salts from aqueous solutions.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The azeotropic behavior of a mixture can limit the feasible separations that are possible by both continuous and batch distillation. The azeotropes can create continuous and batch distillation boundaries and regions, and knowledge of these boundaries and regions is very important during the synthesis and design of distillation based separation systems. Infeasible designs can be screened out early in the design process, saving valuable time and resources. We propose an algorithm to find the basic distillation regions from which all of the continuous and batch distillation regions for an n-component system can be found, given all the azeotropes, their boiling point temperatures, and their node/saddle characteristics. A basic distillation region is a set of residue curves which all share the same unstable and stable node pair. Within each basic region, continuous and batch distillation regions can be determined. These regions give information about the types of feasible products one can obtain using either continuous or batch distillation. This algorithm can be applied to continuous columns and batch rectifiers, strippers, and middle vessel columns. The algorithm determines the boundaries and regions for all k-component systems before solving the (k + 1)-component systems. In this manner, we will show how to find the distillation boundaries and regions for any n-component system.
__label__0, A series of novel benzimidazoles (BI) derived from the indole 2 was synthesized and evaluated as selective neuropeptide Y (NPY) Y1 receptor antagonists with the aim of developing antiobesity drugs. In our SAR approach, the (4-chlorophenoxy)methyl group at C-2 was kept constant and a series of BIs substituted with various piperidinylalkyl groups at N-1 was synthesized to identify the optimal spacing and orientation of the piperidine ring nitrogen relative to the benzimidazole. The 3-(3-piperidinyl)propyl in 33 was found to maximize affinity for the Y1 receptor. Because of the critical importance of Arg33 and Arg35 of NPY binding to the Y1 receptor, the incorporation of an additional aminoalkyl functionality to the structure of 33 was explored. Methyl substitution was used to probe where substitution on the aromatic ring was best tolerated. In this fashion, the C-4 was chosen for the substitution of the second aminoalkyl functionality. Synthesis of such compounds with a phenoxy tether using the 4-hydroxybenzimidazole 11 was pursued because of their relative ease of synthesis. Functionalization of the hydroxy group of 45 with a series of piperidinylalkyl groups provided the dibasic benzimidazoles 55−62. Among them, BI 56 demonstrated a Ki of 0.0017 μM, which was 400-fold more potent than 33. To evaluate if there was a stereoselective effect on affinity for these BIs, the four constituent stereoisomers (69−72) of the BI 60 were prepared using the S- and R-isomers of bromide 17. Antagonist activity of these BIs was confirmed by measuring the ability of selected compounds to reverse NPY-induced forskolin-stimulated cyclic AMP. The high selectivity of several BI antagonists for the Y1 versus Y2, Y4, and Y5 receptors was also shown.
__label__0, The crystallization of paraffinic materials from hydrocarbon mixtures subject to a cold environment is one of the problems faced by the petroleum industry. It can be found during oil production and in the transport and even in the use of refined materials such as diesels and fuels. A better understanding of the crystallization process and the capacity to model the wax formation would help to overcome this problem. This work is focused on the study of the two-phase region by developing a new experimental technique for measuring the composition of the phases in equilibrium and the amount of paraffins precipitating from a hydrocarbon mixture. The crystallization of several model systems, constituted by a mixture of normal alkanes between n-C19H40 and n-C28H58 dissolved in ethylbenzene in mass concentrations up to 25% weight, was promoted in an optical cell. The composition of the phases in equilibrium at several different temperatures below the cloud point was determined by chromatography. The amount of waxes formed and the cloud points were obtained by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). The new technique is shown to be simple and accurate. Some particularities of paraffin crystallization were studied as well as the influence of aromatic compounds on the wax formation. A thermodynamic model was used to describe the measured data. It is based on the Flory-free-volume model for the liquid phase and on the predictive local composition model, a predictive form of the Wilson equation, for the nonideality of the solid solution. The model is shown to provide a good description of the SLE data for the studied systems.
__label__0, Isosteric heats of adsorption (qst) of propane and butane adsorbed on carbon were studied by numerical differentiation of nonlocal density functional theory (NDFT) isotherms. The qst values of both adsorbates in slit-shaped pores were a weak function of temperature, and decreased with increasing pore width. Using the calculated pore size distribution (PSD) of an activated carbon, it was further determined that the qst for both propane and butane decreased with increasing loading, consistent with a heterogeneous adsorbent. The NDFT results utilizing the PSD were also in fair agreement with those obtained from the classical approach using experimental isotherms fitted to a model and applied to the Clausius−Clapeyron-type equation; both models predicted qst of butane to be ∼10 kJ/mol higher than that of propane at the same loading. On a model homogeneous carbon, the qst of both adsorbates increased with reduced surface coverage up to ∼0.5, then they dropped rapidly. The reduced surface coverages corresponding to monolayer completion were 0.61 for propane and 0.65 for butane, in agreement with published experimental results.
__label__0, In Vincennes Bay, on the coast of Wilkes Land in East Antarctica, there is a deep submarine valley that extends southeastward for 24 km to the ice front of Vanderford Glacier, an ice stream in the continental ice cover. The ice stream is afloat for at least 35 km inland, and ice thickness measurements 130 km inland suggest that the submarine valley may penetrate the continent for some distance. The valley is 12 km wide and 2000 meters deep. Comparison with three valley types (subaerial canyon, submarine canyon, and fjord) shows that the Vanderford valley is morphologically similar to a fjord. It is relatively narrow but deep, and it has high steep walls, a flat valley bottom, and an undulating longitudinal profile with a landward gradient of 1 degree. Vanderford submarine valley has a maximum water depth of 2287 meters, which is 837 meters greater than that of Northwest Fjord in Scoresby Sound, Greenland, presently considered the world's deepest fjord.
__label__0, Np abstract.
__label__0, The mouse protein tyrosine phosphatase-like gene (Ptpla) was recently cloned and data suggested that it plays a role in myogenesis and cardiogenesis. The human homologue (PTPLA) was mapped to chromosome 10p13–14, a region where we have mapped a locus responsible for arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia (ARVD). As a positional candidate gene, we characterized PTPLA by determining its tissue expression, its genomic structure, and we also screened for mutations in the ARVD patients. Northern analysis demonstrated PTPLA is preferentially expressed in both adult and fetal heart. A much lower expression was detected in skeletal and smooth muscle tissues. Virtually no expression was observed in other tissues. The protein-encoding sequences of PTPLA consist of seven exons. A sequence variation (Lys64Gln) was found in all the affecteds in a large ARVD family. However, the same variant was also detected in normal control subjects (three alleles/100 chromosomes). Thus, the variant (Lys64Gln) is not responsible for ARVD in our family and is a benign polymorphism. Nevertheless, its tissue-specific expression in the developing and adult heart suggest PTPLA has a role in regulating cardiac development, differentiation, or other cellular events. The genomic structure and intragenic polymorphism of PTPLA should be useful for further clinical and genetic studies such as gene targeting of PTPLA.
__label__0, A full-length cDNA encoding the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) has for the first time been characterized from a fish species. The Atlantic salmon PPARγ cDNA of 2528 nucleotides (nt) was amplified from liver mRNA by reverse transcription (RT)-polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The deduced protein of 544 amino acids (aa) shares approximately 47% overall sequence identity with mammalian PPARγ. The N-terminal A/B region contains a repeated decapeptide motif and shows a low homology with other PPARs. In contrast, the central DNA-binding domain (DBD) and the C-terminal ligand-binding domain (LBD) show a high sequence identity to mammalian and Xenopus PPARγ. The salmon PPARγ LBD contains nine additional residues in a flexible loop that might affect ligand binding. Northern blot analysis of salmon liver RNA revealed a prominent transcript of about 1.7 kilo bases (kb), in addition to several mRNA species of about 2.4–2.6 kb, which is consistent with the presence of multiple putative polyadenylation sites in the 3′ untranslated region (UTR) of the 2528 nt long PPARγ cDNA. Two additional PPARγ cDNAs of 1719 and 2357 nt were then isolated. The 2357 nt long transcript encodes full-length PPARγ and seems to be ubiquitously expressed in salmon, whereas the liver-specific transcript of 1719 nt encodes a truncated variant of PPARγ. The truncated form lacks 39 C-terminal residues including the conserved activation function-2 (AF-2) motif, known to be associated with crucial cofactors. Three-dimensional modelling studies indicated that the C-terminal truncation would result in important alterations of the ligand-binding pocket. The presence of a truncated form with drastic changes in both ligand- and cofactor-binding sites is likely to modulate PPARγ activity in salmon liver.
__label__0, In gene transfer experiments including gene therapy studies, expression of the integrated transgenes in host cells often declines with time. The molecular basis of this phenomenon is not clearly understood. We have used the Green Fluorescent Protein (GFP) gene as both a selectable marker and a reporter to study long-term transgene integration and expression in K562 cells. Cells transfected with plasmids containing the GFP gene coupled to the HS2 or HS3 enhancer of the human β-globin Locus Control Region (LCR) or the cytomegalovirus (CMV) enhancer were sorted by either fluorescence-activated-cell-sorting (FACS) alone or FACS combined with drug selection based on a co-integrated drug resistance gene. The two groups of selected cells were subsequently cultured for long periods up to 250 cell generations. Comparison of long-term GFP transgene integration and expression in these two groups of cells revealed that the K562 genome contains two types of transgene integration sites: i) abundant unstable sites that permit transcription but not long-term integration of the transgenes and thus eliminate the transgenes in 60–250 cell generations and ii) rare stable sites that permit both efficient transcription and long-term stable integration of the transgenes for at least 200 cell generations. Our results indicate that extinction of GFP expression with time is due at least in part to elimination of the gene from the host genome and not entirely to transcriptional silencing of the gene. However, long-term, stable expression of the transgene can be achieved in cells containing the transgene integrated into the rare, stable host sites.
__label__0, Sulfonamidopyrrolidinones were previously disclosed as a selective class of factor Xa (fXa) inhibitors, culminating in the identification of RPR120844 as a potent member with efficacy in vivo. Recognizing the usefulness of the central pyrrolidinone template for the presentation of ligands to the S-1 and S-4 subsites of fXa, studies to optimize the P-1 and P-4 groups were initiated. Sulfonamidopyrrolidinones containing 4-hydroxy- and 4-aminobenzamidines were discovered to be effective inhibitors of fXa. X-ray crystallographic experiments in trypsin and molecular modeling studies suggest that our inhibitors bind by insertion of the 4-hydroxybenzamidine moiety into the S-1 subsite of the fXa active site. Of the P-4 groups examined, the pyridylthienyl sulfonamides were found to confer excellent potency and selectivity especially in combination with 4-hydroxybenzamidine. Compound 20b (RPR130737) was shown to be a potent fXa inhibitor (Ki = 2 nM) with selectivity against structurally related serine proteinases (>1000 times). Preliminary biological evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of this inhibitor in common assays of thrombosis in vitro (e.g. activated partial thromboplastin time) and in vivo (e.g. rat FeCl2-induced carotid artery thrombosis model).
__label__0, Recently, we reported that 5,4‘-diamino-6,8,3‘-trifluoroflavone (1b) exhibits potent antitumor activity against certain types of human cancer cell lines both in vitro and in vivo. Since the antiproliferative activity of 5,4‘-diaminoflavone (1a), the lead compound of 1b, was modulated by the addition of apigenin, we hypothesized that the 7-position is important for the interaction with a putative target molecule. On the basis of this hypothesis, the structure−activity relationships of the substituents at the 7-position of 1b were explored. As a result, 7-methyl (7a), 7-hydroxymethyl (7l), 7-(acyloxy)methyl (9a,c,e,g,j), and 7-aminomethyl (12f) derivatives were found to exhibit comparable or superior antitumor activity to compound 1b against MCF-7 cells both in vitro and in vivo (po administration). In particular, compounds 9e,g,j, and 12f were sufficiently water-soluble as compared with 1b which hardly solubilizes in water. A lipophilic 7-(hexanoyloxy)methyl derivative (9c) was also found to exhibit strong antitumor activity especially in vivo. Since the modes of action and the target molecule(s) are unknown, a mechanistic study will be important in the future.
__label__0, The extraction of nickel from a spent primary steam reformer catalyst from an ammonia plant was carried out by chelation using ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) as the chelating agent. Ni recovery was optimized by varying the particle size distribution of catalyst (pretreatment of spent catalyst), stirring speed, temperature (particularly in an autoclave, where temperatures ranging from 100 to 200 °C were used), EDTA concentration, and solid-to-liquid ratio. Approximately 95% Ni recovery was achieved in the Ni extraction carried out under hydrothermal conditions in an autoclave, at temperatures of 150 °C and higher, over a 4-h period. The resulting Ni−EDTA complex was then “dechelated” using a mineral acid (H2SO4 and HNO3), resulting in the formation of a nickel nitrate or sulfate solution and the precipitation of EDTA (about 97% of the initial weight of EDTA was recovered). However, the chelation performance of Ni was shown to decrease with every successive recovery of EDTA (in the case of dechelation using H2SO4). EDX analysis of fresh and recovered EDTA established that fresh EDTA is a disodium salt whereas recovered EDTA is protonated. EDX analysis also indicated sulfur in the recovered EDTA when sulfuric acid was used for dechelation. TGA data showed a much larger weight loss in recovered EDTA in comparison to the fresh sample, probably because of a combination of two factors: the presence of sulfur species and the protonation of EDTA after recovery. It is likely that differences in recovered EDTA as evidenced by EDX analysis and TGA are responsible for the lowering the Ni chelation efficiency. This possibility is being investigated further as part of ongoing research.
__label__0, A series of 1,8-naphthyridine derivatives (12−36), bearing a phenyl group in position 2 and various substituents in positions 4 and 7, were synthesized in an attempt to obtain potent, selective antagonists for the A1 adenosine receptor subtype. The compounds were tested to evaluate their affinity for A1 compared with A2A and A3 adenosine receptor subtypes. In binding studies in bovine brain cortical membranes, most of the compounds showed an affinity for A1 receptors in the low nanomolar range and two in the subnanomolar range with an interesting degree of A1 versus A2A and A3 selectivity. Comparison of the 4-substituted derivatives indicated that 4-OH substitution, with a 4-quinoid structure, causes an increase in the A1 and A2A affinity and generally also in A1 selectivity. The kind of substitution in position 7 can greatly modulate the affinity:  the most interesting substituents in this position seemed to be electron-withdrawing groups; in particular the 7-chloronaphthyridine 25d showed a remarkable selectivity (A2A/A1 ratio of 670, A3/A1 ratio of 14 000) associated with a higher A1 affinity (Ki = 0.15 nM). NMR studies on these compounds 12−36 indicated that the 4-OH-substituted ones prefer the tautomer in which the oxygen in position 4 is in the quinoid form and the nitrogen in position 1 is protonated. Theoretical calculations are in agreement with the NMR data.
__label__0, Bulk MnO2 was used as a catalyst for phenol oxidation in supercritical water at 380−420 °C and 219−300 atm in a flow reactor. The bulk MnO2 catalyst enhances both the phenol disappearance and CO2 formation rates during supercritical water oxidation (SCWO), but it does not affect the selectivity to CO2 or to the phenol dimers at a given phenol conversion. The role of the catalyst appears to be accelerating the rate of formation of phenoxy radicals, which then react in the fluid phase by the same mechanism operative for noncatalytic SCWO of phenol. The rates of phenol disappearance and CO2 formation are sensitive to the phenol and O2 concentrations but independent of the water density. Both power-law and dual site Langmuir−Hinshelwood−Hougen−Watson (LHHW) rate laws were developed to correlate the catalytic kinetics. Our results show that SCWO reactor volumes can be reduced by an order of magnitude if bulk MnO2 is used as the catalyst and by yet another order of magnitude if a supported oxidation catalyst is used.
__label__0, Synthesis of ethyl tert-butyl ether (ETBE) from the reaction between ethanol (EtOH) and tert-butyl alcohol (TBA) in the presence of different acid catalysts (KHSO4, NaHSO4, H2SO4, and Amberlyst 15) was investigated at low alcohol grade (mixture of 80 mol % water). Potassium hydrogen sulfate (KHSO4) showed the highest selectivity among the tested catalysts. Other catalysts caused the dehydration of TBA into water (H2O) and isobutene (IB). In the top of the reactive distillation column with total reflux, the condensate was split into two layers. The upper layer contained ETBE with a more than 60 mole fraction.
__label__0, A series of isoquinolin-1-ones and quinazolin-4-ones and related derivatives were prepared and evaluated for their ability to inhibit tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα) production in human peripheral blood monocytes stimulated with bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS). In an effort to optimize the TNFα inhibitory activity, a homologous series of N-alkanoic acid esters was prepared. Several electrophilic and nucleophilic substitutions were also carried out. Alkanoic acid esters of four carbons were found to be optimum for activity in both the isoquinoline and quinazoline series. Ring substituents such as fluoro, bromo, nitro, acetyl, and aminomethyl on the isoquinoline ring resulted in a significant loss of activity. Likewise, similar groups on the quinazoline ring also reduced inhibitory activity. However, the 6- and 7-aminoquinazoline derivatives, 75 and 76, were potent inhibitors, with IC50 values in the TNFα in vitro assay of approximately 5 μM for each. An in vivo mouse model of pulmonary inflammation was then used to evaluate promising candidate compounds identified in the primary in vitro assay. Compound 75 was selected for further study in this inhalation model, and was found to reduce the level of TNFα in brochoalveolar lavage fluid of LPS-treated mice by about 50% that of control mice. Thus, compounds such as 75, which can effectively inhibit proinflammatory cytokines such as TNFα in clinically relevant animal models of inflammation and fibrosis, may have potential as new antiinflammatory agents. Finally, a quinazoline derivative suitable to serve as a photoaffinity radiolabeled compound was prepared to help identify the putative cellular target(s) for these TNFα inhibitors.
__label__0, Taguchi's robust design provides an important paradigm for producing robust products. There are many successful applications of this paradigm, but few have dealt with reliability, i.e. when the quality characteristic is lifetime. In this paper, an actual experiment is presented which was performed to achieve robust reliability of light emitting diodes. Three major factors chosen from many potentially important manufacturing factors and one noise factor were investigated. For light emitting diodes, failure occurs when their luminosity or light intensity fall below a specified level. An interesting feature of this experiment is the periodic monitoring of the luminosity. The paper shows how the luminosity's degradation over time provides a practical way to achieve robust reliability of light emitting diodes which are already highly reliable.
__label__0, A nonelectrolytic process for the production of sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid from sodium chloride is explored. This environmentally friendly process, in which production of chlorine and the use of hazardous mercury are eliminated, is based on the following principle. A thermally stable cation exchanger such as ZSM-5 zeolite in its H-form undergoes a cation-exchange reaction with a sodium chloride solution to liberate hydrochloric acid, and the resulting NaZSM-5 zeolite undergoes a cation-exchange reaction with a ammonium hydroxide solution to liberate sodium hydroxide. The ammonium ion-exchanged zeolite is converted into its H-form by deammoniation in the temperature range of 400−500 °C. The liberated ammonia is trapped in water to form ammonium hydroxide for reuse.
__label__0, A model is developed for simulating semicontinuous supercritical antisolvent recrystallization processes. Thermodynamics, hydrodynamics, and mass-transfer issues are addressed. The model makes it possible to calculate the composition and flow-rate profiles of the vapor and liquid phases and the amount of the solid product along the precipitator. The effect of the operating variables is discussed. With reference to a CO2−toluene−naphthalene−phenanthrene system, it is shown that the dissolution of the antisolvent in the liquid phase is usually faster than the evaporation of the solvent, that the two solutes may behave in completely different ways at the same process conditions (for example, phenanthrene can be easily precipitated, while for naphthalene a higher gas-to-liquid flow-rate ratio is needed, to force solvent evaporation), and that under proper operating conditions it is possible to selectively precipitate phenanthrene from a phenanthrene + naphthalene solution.
__label__0, The nitration of o-hydroxybenzoylacetone (1) gave either the unexpected 2,3-benzofurandione 2-oxime or 2-methyl-3-nitrochromone depending on the conditions of the reaction. Nitrosation of 1 gave 1-(o-hydroxybenzoyl)propane-1,2-dione 1-oxime which reacts with hydroxylamine to give 1-(o-hydroxybenzoyl)propane-1,2-dione 1,2-dioxime. Both of the oximes exhibit strong chelating properties. Bromination of 1 gave 3-bromo-2-dibromomethylchromone or 3-bromo-2-methylchromone. The condensation of diethyl malonate with 3-bromo-2-methylchromone was studied as well.
__label__0, Parameters for the UNIQUAC (universal quasi-chemical) model were regressed from VLE and LLE data for the systems:  diisopropyl ether + acetic acid + water; 1,1,2-trichloroethane + acetone + water; and chloroform + acetone + water. The results show a very significant effect of the data type used in the regressions (binary versus ternary) on the uncertainty of the predicted performance of sample liquid−liquid extraction units.
__label__0, A series of influenza neuraminidase inhibitors with the cyclohexene scaffold containing lipophilic side chains have been synthesized and evaluated for influenza A and B neuraminidase inhibitory activity. The size and geometry of side chains have been modified systematically in order to investigate structure−activity relationships of this class of compounds. The X-ray crystal structures of several analogues complexed with neuraminidase revealed that the lipophilic side chains bound to the hydrophobic pocket consisted of Glu276, Ala246, Arg224, and Ile222 of the enzyme active site. The structure−activity relationship studies of this series have also demonstrated remarkably different inhibitory potency between influenza A and B neuraminidase. This indicated that the lipophilic side chains had quite different hydrophobic interactions with influenza A and B neuraminidase despite their complete homology in the active site. Influenza B neuraminidase appeared to be much more sensitive toward the increased steric bulkiness of inhibitors compared to influenza A neuraminidase. From the extensive structure−activity relationship investigation reported in this article, GS 4071 emerged as one of the most potent influenza neuraminidase inhibitors against both influenza A and B strains.
__label__0, The solubility of carbon dioxide in aqueous solutions containing 2-amino-2-methyl-1-propanol (AMP) was measured in the temperature range from 313 to 353 K at total pressures up to 2.7 MPa using an analytical method. A model taking into account chemical reactions in the liquid phase as well as physical interactions is used to correlate the new data. To test the predictive capability of the model, the solubility of carbon dioxide in an aqueous solution containing AMP and N-methyldiethanolamine (MDEA) was measured at 313 K. Experimental results are reported and compared to literature data and calculations.
__label__0, Thermally linked distillation column configurations to separate near-ideal multicomponent mixtures containing four or more components are discussed. It is shown that for sharp separation of an n-component mixture using only one reboiler and one condenser the minimum number of rectifying and stripping sections needed is 4n − 6. A stepwise procedure is proposed to obtain such distillation configurations, and a series of observations are presented which make the task of generating these configurations a little easier. It is found that, for n ≥ 4, some of these distillation configurations are missing from the known superstructures in the literature. An alternative method is proposed to obtain an n-component superstructure. The resulting superstructure has all the earlier known configurations embedded within it and contains the substructures incorporating the missing configurations. This provides a more complete superstructure for the optimization task.
__label__0, A model is presented for estimating oxygen solubility in water and solutions of inorganic electrolytes (I) as a function of oxygen pressure PO2 (atm), temperature T (K), and I. It is based on a thermodynamic analysis for water, where the molal concentration caq of oxygen follows an equation of the form caq = PO2k and k is a T-dependent function (equilibrium constant) related to the chemical potential, entropy, and partial molar heat capacity of the gaseous oxygen (O2)g and dissolved oxygen (O2)aq species. In the presence of I, the oxygen solubility becomes (caq)I = φcaq, where φ is a modifying factor < 1 that is dependent on I and its molal concentration CI. The decreasing molar heat capacity of (O2)aq with rising T, which affects k, is discussed. The decrease in φ with increasing CI is related in a general way to the decrease in partial molar volume of the water.
__label__0, Considering the longstanding importance of batch distillation in chemical production, it is surprising that the utility of manipulating operating policies was not understood until the 1970s. This is partly due to the mathematical difficulty of finding the time-optimal policy. Perhaps the most elegant and effective treatment of this problem is found in the work of Mayur and Jackson (Chem. Eng. J. 1971, 2, 150−163). They used Pontryagin's maximum principle to find the optimal reflux policy for the batch distillation of ideal multicomponent mixtures. In this paper, motivated by Mayur and Jackson's classic treatment, we examine a novel distillate policy and a conventional column configuration for batch distillation with chemical reaction. This distillate policy leads to a new explicit reflux policy for the special class of equimolar reactions. For the particular case of butyl acetate production, it is shown that this leads to complete conversion of ingredients and high-purity products, which are unattainable by the traditional approach, in a single operation.
__label__0, An integral expression of pressure via dynamical characteristics of the vortex and velocity fields for viscous fluid is presented. This expression may be considered as an analog (or generalization) of the Bernoulli equation for nonstationary vortex flows of ideal or viscous fluids, including the case of an external nonconservative mass force. The presented formulas are useful for calculating the pressure field when meshless vortex methods are applied for the flow simulation.
__label__0, Breakthrough curves of bovine immunoglobulin G (IgG) solutions from a recombinant protein G affinity membrane cartridge were significantly affected by flow velocity and feed solution concentration. Increasing the flow velocity decreased the amount of IgG bound to the membranes prior to breakthrough and broadened the breakthrough curve. Increased feed solution concentration allowed more IgG to bind prior to breakthrough but did not affect the shape of the curve. In batch incubation experiments, sorption of IgG to the membranes was slow, requiring 27 h to reach equilibrium. Sorption did not follow single-solute Langmuir kinetics. Desorption of IgG from the membranes during elution was flow rate dependent and produced multiple IgG peaks. These observations were interpreted using slow, competitive, and heterogeneous multisolute sorption of the IgG subclasses to the affinity membranes.
__label__0, A heterogeneous reactor model was developed describing kinetic experiments on the heterogeneously catalyzed oxidative coupling of methane in a laboratory fixed-bed reactor. The catalyst produces radicals which react further through gas-phase reactions in the pores of the catalyst and in the interstitial phase. The reactor model accounts for the irreducible mass-transport limitations for the reactive radicals, which occur even at conditions where no mass-transport limitations occur for the molecules, both reactants and reaction products. The effects of these irreducible mass-transport limitations on the conversion and selectivity of the process were investigated and were found to be essential for an adequate description of experimental data.
__label__0, The feasibility of using Kelex 100, Cyanex 272, 301 and 302, and D2EHTPA as reagents for the supercritical fluid extraction of toxic heavy metals is demonstrated. High extraction efficiencies are observed for a range of heavy metals using Cyanex 301 and 302 and D2EHTPA ligands from a variety of matrices and from samples of high acidity. Extraction efficiencies increased with increasing pressure. Solubility of a range of complexes was determined and found to vary between 0.15 and 12 g L-1. The extraction of toxic metals from environmental matrices was shown to be efficient for a range of metals using the Cyanex 302 ligand. Kelex 100 was found to be very selective for the extraction of Cu2+ using supercritical fluid CO2. In many cases the extraction process did not quantitatively remove the metals, but the extraction profiles were demonstrated to be initially rapid followed by a very low level of metal extraction, indicating a limit of the extraction process to leachable toxic metals.
__label__0, The ecteinascidins (Ets), which are natural products derived from marine tunicates, exhibit potent antitumor activity. Of the numerous Ets isolated, Et 743 is presently being evaluated in phase II clinical trials. Et 743 binds in the minor groove of DNA and alkylates N2 of guanine. Although structurally similar to saframycin, which exhibits poor activity in cellular assays, Et 743 has shown good efficacy as an antitumor agent. In this study, DNA structural distortions induced by Et 743 were examined to provide insight into the molecular basis for the antitumor activity of Et 743. Electrophoretic mobility shifts of ligated oligomers containing site-directed adducts were used to examine the extent and direction of the Et 743-induced bend. Surprisingly, we find that Et 743 bends DNA toward the major groove, which is a unique feature among DNA-interactive agents that occupy the minor groove.
__label__0, Sodium 7β-[(R)-2-(Nb-o-nitrobenzyloxycarbonyl)hydrazino-3-phenylpropanamido]cephalosporanate (1) is described as a new type of β-lactam antibiotic, which undergoes light-induced destruction of its β-lactam moiety and hence becomes biologically inactive. This type of antibiotic holds the promise of self-destruction over a number of hours of exposure to light, so that it would not allow selection of resistance in the environment.
__label__0, Thermal decomposition of C10−C14n-alkanes was studied under near-critical and supercritical conditions. The primary products were C1−Cm-2n-alkanes and C2−Cm-1 1-alkenes, and the secondary products were cis- and trans-2-alkenes, n-Cm-1, n-Cm+1, and Cm+2−C2m-2 normal and branched alkanes, where m is the number of carbon atoms in the reactant. The relative yields of the primary and secondary products were dependent upon the reaction conditions. Product distributions exhibited large pressure dependence in the near-critical region. The observed product distributions and changes in product composition with reaction conditions were explained by a modified free radical mechanism.
__label__0, In order to reuse the catalyst residing in the third liquid phase, a continuous flow stirred vessel reactor for a phase transfer catalytic reaction was proposed. This reactor was designed in such a way that the third liquid phase was kept in the reactor while both aqueous and organic phases flowed through. The reaction between n-butyl bromide and sodium phenolate with tetrabutylammonium bromide as a phase transfer catalyst was employed as a model reaction for testing the performance of this reactor. Experimental results revealed that a small fraction of catalyst, as predicted, would flow out along with the aqueous and organic phases, while most of the catalyst will stay inside the reactor. The loss of catalyst would cause a slow decline in conversion, however, this drawback could be easily overcome by making up the catalyst to the feed.
__label__0, Molecular weight and specific gravity distribution data are required for characterizing oils containing complex mixtures, and this characterization information is very essential for the computation of thermodynamic properties and phase equilibria. The accuracy of these computations will be enhanced if molecular weight and specific gravity data of fractions containing similar groups/structures or common solubility properties are used. This is because the critical properties normally correlate better for a single fraction than for the whole oil. Data in this work is relevant to the phase equilibrium calculations and predictions of asphaltene precipitation from representative Canadian bitumens. Athabasca and Cold Lake bitumen samples were used and divided into asphaltene and deasphalted oil fractions by adding 40 volumes of n-heptane. The deasphalted oils were divided into saturate, aromatic, and resin fractions using a modified ASTM D2007 procedure. The average molecular weights of these SARA fractions were measured using vapor pressure osmometry (VPO), and the molecular weight distributions of the SARA fractions were measured using gel permeation chromatography (GPC) calibrated with polystyrene standards. Results were verified using VPO measurements, and the correction factors for the GPC distributions were calculated. The specific gravities of saturate and aromatic fractions were measured using an Anton-Paar densitometer, and resin fraction values were obtained using a water pycnometer and those of asphaltenes using a helium pycnometer. Specific gravity distributions were computed using the measured data and the correlation reported in the literature.
__label__0, Nanocomposites of poly(vinyl chloride) (PVC) have been prepared by solution intercalation method using both natural and modified kaolinites. Kaolinite was modified with dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) to expand the interlayer basal spacing. The characterization of PVC/kaolinite nanocomposites was made by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM); the interactions between kaolinite and PVC was discussed by FTIR-ATR; the thermal stability was determined by simultaneous DTA/TG. FTIR-ATR confirms hydrogen bonds formed between dimethyl sulfoxide molecules and the inner surface hydroxyl groups of kaolinite. XRD and TEM results give evidence that kaolinite was dramatically intercalated into nanoscale and homogenously dispersed in the PVC matrix. Thermogravimetric analysis indicated that introduction of clay to the polymer network resulted in an increase in thermal stability. Ultraviolet (UV) absorbance experiments showed that nanocomposites have a higher UV transmission than PVC film. The Kissinger method was used for calculation the decomposition activation energy. The results have shown that activation energy values at both stages for PVC/kaolinite nanocomposite are higher than those of pure PVC, indicating that addition of kaolinite particles improves thermal stability of PVC.
__label__0, Permeation of mixed salt solution through charged membrane is a complex process, and depending upon electrostatic interaction among different types of ions and wall charges, complex separation behaviors such as negative rejection of a salt in the mixture have been observed for such systems. Negative rejection of a salt in an aqueous mixture of salts has been observed for nanofiltration membranes that have very small pores (pore diameter ∼1 nm). We report in this work studies on separation of mixed salt solutions of NaCl and KCl using a charge ultrafiltration membrane of large pore size (pore diameter 15−92 nm) whose preparation is described elsewhere [Workneh, S.; Shukla, A. J. Membr. Sci.2008, 309, 189]. At a low total concentration of electrolytes in the feed (0.01 M), when the effective exclusion of co-ions occurs inside the membrane, negative rejection of NaCl is obtained. It is found that irrespective of the composition of the salt mixture used in this work, the magnitude of negative observed rejection increases with pressure initially but beyond a certain pressure its magnitude decreases by a small amount. It is also found that as the NaCl composition is increased the magnitude of negative observed rejection first increases but beyond a value of 60% NaCl it decreases for all the pressure differences used in this work. Simulated values of the intrinsic rejection coefficient, however, are found to increase monotonically with pressure, indicating that the maximum in magnitude of observed negative rejection is due to concentration polarization. With variation in feed composition the intrinsic rejection shows a trend similar to the observed rejection.
__label__0, Fine particles in the liquid feed to packed-bed reactors can be trapped in the catalyst bed, which eventually leads to excessive pressure drop. The fine particles can include coke, corrosion products, clays, and other minerals. The catalyst bed functions as a granular filter to remove particles much smaller than the size of the pores between the catalyst pellets. The efficiency for trapping the particles in the packed bed depends on the flow fields and the attractive forces between the packing and the fine particles. In order to understand the capture of fine particles from nonaqueous media, we studied a model system of carbon black in kerosene. Columns packed with glass beads and a catalyst were operated over a range of flow velocities to Reynolds numbers from 0.1 to 2.3, on the basis of the diameter of the packing in the bed. Flow was in the upward and in the downward direction. The filter coefficient and efficiency were sensitive to liquid velocity. Trapping was slightly more efficient with downward flow at low velocity. The pressure drop increased along the entire length of the packed bed, but the extent of increase at a given amount of deposit depended on the liquid velocity. Microscopy showed that the particles tended to deposit onto other particles, rather than smoothly coating the bed packing. At low velocities, more particles were deposited in the pores between the packing, giving a larger increase in pressure drop than that at high velocity. A model is presented for calculating pressure drop due to this type of deposition.
__label__0, Dispersion polymerization in polar organic media is a heterogeneous polymerization process that combines solution polymerization in the continuous phase with microbulk polymerization in the disperse particle phase. The relative prevalence of the two polymerization modes is dependent on a number of reaction variables. A mechanistic picture of dispersion polymerization during the particle growth phase is presented and mathematical models of the rate of polymerization and particle growth during seeded batch and continuous polymerization is developed.
__label__0, A study of the binding site requirements associated with the N-substituent of (+)-(3R,4R)-dimethyl-4-(3-hydroxyphenyl)piperidine (4) derivatives was undertaken using a set of rigid vs flexible N-substituents. The study showed that compounds 7−9 bearing the trans-cinnamyl N-substituent most closely reproduced the potency at the opioid receptor of the flexible N-propylphenyl or N-propylcyclohexyl analogues previously reported. Neither the N-substituted cis-cinnamyl nor the cis-phenylcyclopropylmethyl compounds 10 and 11, respectively, showed high affinity for the opioid receptor. However, the N-trans-phenylcyclopropylmethyl compound 12 closely approximated the affinity of compounds 7−9. Additionally, we found that free rotation of the phenyl ring is necessary for high affinity binding and μ receptor subtype selectivity as the planar N-substituted thianaphthylmethyl and benzofuranylmethyl compounds 13 and 14 had significantly lower binding affinities. Altogether, these findings suggest that the high binding affinity, selectivity, and antagonist potency of N-propylphenyl or N-propylcyclohexyl analogues of (+)-(3R,4R)-dimethyl-4-(3-hydroxyphenyl)piperidine (4) are achieved via a conformation wherein the connecting chain of the N-substituents is extended away from piperidine nitrogen with the appended ring system rotated out-of-plane relative to the connecting chain atoms. This conformation is quite similar to that observed in the solid state for 5, as determined by single crystal X-ray analysis. Additionally, it was found that, unlike naltrexone, N-substituents bearing secondary carbons attached directly to the piperidine nitrogen of 4 suffer dramatic losses of potency vs analogues not substituted in this manner. Using a functional assay which measured stimulation or inhibition of [35S]GTP-γ-S binding, we show that the trans-cinnamyl analogues of (+)-(3R,4R)-dimethyl-4-(3-hydroxyphenyl)piperidine (4) retain opioid pure antagonist activity and possess picomolar antagonist potency at the μ receptor.
__label__0, Recently, catalytic oxidation in supercritical water (SCW) has received considerable research attention. The major thrust of this current research effort is attributable to the rapid development of supercritical water oxidation (SCWO) as an innovative wastewater treatment technology. The incentives of catalyst-enhanced processes may include increased reaction rates, reduced residence times and temperatures, and optimized reaction pathways that are otherwise difficult to achieve through noncatalytic processes. However, the databases associated with the use of catalysts in SCWO are limited. The purpose of this paper is to (1) review catalytic enhancement and technology as related to SCWO; (2) analyze effects of SCW on catalysts and catalytic SCWO processes; and (3) present a catalyst development strategy for SCWO-related applications. Catalyst activity and stability (in terms of reaction kinetics, surface phenomena, and phase behavior of catalysts in SCW) are emphasized. The paper presents a useful database, provides guidelines for catalyst selection, and illustrates how effective use of catalyst may enhance SCWO process development.
__label__0, The influence of the temperature profile on the fluid flow and heat transfer in a fixed bed of tube to particle ratio of 2.86 was studied by solving the 3D Navier−Stokes and energy equations by means of a commercial finite element code, ANSYS/FLOTRAN. The geometry model, representing a fixed bed, consisted of an arrangement of eight spheres in a tube. The difference in heat-transfer parameters between a wall-cooled and wall-heated reactor was studied, using air as a fluid. The dimensionless wall heat-transfer coefficient, Nuw, and the radial effective conductivity ratio, kr/kf, were evaluated from the calculated temperatures at different locations in the bed by comparing these with the analytical solution of a two-dimensional pseudohomogeneous model, using a nonlinear least-squares analysis. Results were obtained for Reynolds numbers in the range 9−1450. Though for high Re there was no real difference between a wall-cooled or a wall-heated tube, for low Re a significant difference was found. The effect of the viscosity, conductivity, and density variations, as a consequence of temperature variations, was studied using a hydrocarbon mixture as the fluid. Results indicated that the temperature profile had an influence on the fluid and heat flow and thus on the effective parameters, although at high Re numbers the influence became less.
__label__0, Solid-acid catalysts can perform transesterification and esterification simultaneously so that free fatty acids (FFAs) in oil can be converted into biodiesel to avoid the disposal of biomaterial. A carbon catalyst was prepared by pyrolyzing glucose at 400 °C under a N2 stream. The catalyst was further sulfated using concentrated sulfuric acid. Transesterification of soybean oil and methanol was carried out at 150 °C and 1.7 MPa in a pressurized autoclave. More than 90% biodiesel yield was achieved within 2 h with a molar ratio of methanol to soybean oil of 30:1. The total biodiesel yield for the mixture of soybean oil and palmitic acid decreased to 85% when 20 wt % palmitic acid was used. A rate equation based on the Langmuir−Hishelwood mechanism was established to describe the kinetic behavior of transesterification. The adsorption equilibrium constant of soybean oil was higher than those of the other species, implying an oleophilic surface of the sulfated carbon catalyst.
__label__0, Recently we reported the identification of a series of 8-[[3-(N-acylglycyl-N-methylamino)-2,6-dichlorobenzyl]oxy]-3-halo-2-methylimidazo[1,2-a]pyridines as the first orally active non-peptide bradykinin (BK) B2 receptor antagonists (1−3). These compounds inhibited the specific binding of [3H]BK to guinea pig ileum membrane preparations expressing B2 receptors with nanomolar IC50's and also displayed in vivo functional antagonistic activities against BK-induced bronchoconstriction in guinea pigs at 1 mg/kg by oral administration. However, it was found that their affinities for the B2 receptors in human A-431 cells (human epidermoid carcinoma) were much lower. Intensive modifications of the terminal substituents at the glycine moiety elucidated the structure−activity relationships (SAR) for human B2 receptors, leading to an extended basic framework which incorporated a novel key pharmacophore. Thus, we overcame the species difference and identified the first clinical candidate 18c (FR167344) with IC50's of 0.66 and 1.4 nM for guinea pig ileum and human A-431 cells, respectively. This compound displayed in vivo functional antagonistic activity against BK-induced bronchoconstriction in guinea pigs with an ED50 value of 0.17 mg/kg by oral administration. This novel non-peptide B2 antagonist is extremely potent both in vitro and in vivo by oral administration and is expected to be the first member of a new class of drug for the treatment of various inflammatory diseases.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Our mathematical procedure for the determination of the driving force distribution in a chemical reactor that has minimum entropy production for a given production rate is applied to the oxidation of SO2 to SO3. The force of reaction that gives the minimum total entropy production is much more constant through the reactor than is a force taken from a standard textbook example. The entropy production has a peak at the entrance of the reactor. The inverse temperature plot shows that the optimal force is nearly at equal distance from the equilibrium line in the end of the reactor. Two practical ways that do not include changes in the apparatus are suggested to minimize the actual entropy production of the reactor. Reductions of 5% and 21% are obtained. The ideal result suggests that there is room for further improvements, especially if the apparatus is changed.
__label__0, The synthesis of a series of novel analogues of lipid A, the active principle of lipopolysaccharide, is reported. In these compounds, the 1-O-phosphono and (R)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl moieties of native Salmonellaminnesota R595 lipid A have been replaced with hydrogen and the length of the normal fatty acyl residues has been systematically varied. Normal fatty acid chain length in the 3-O-desacyl monophosphoryl lipid A (MLA) series is shown to be a critical determinant of iNOS gene expression in activated mouse macrophages and the induction of proinflammatory cytokines in human peripheral monocytes. Examination of pyrogenicity in rabbits and lethal toxicity in d-galactosamine-treated mice shows that toxic effects in the MLA series can be ameliorated by modifying fatty acid chain length. When used as an adjuvant for tetanus toxoid vaccines, certain MLA derivatives enhance the production of tetanus toxoid-specific antibodies in mice.
__label__0, Nevirapine (I) is the first human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase (RT) inhibitor to reach regulatory approval. As a result of a second generation program around the tricyclic core system of nevirapine, 2-chloro-5,11-dihydro-11-ethyl-5-methyl-8-(2-(pyridin-4-yl)ethyl)-6H-dipyrido[3,2-b:2‘,3‘-e][1,4]diazepin-6-one (II)1a and 2-chloro-5,11-dihydro-11-ethyl-5-methyl-8-phenylethyl-6H-dipyrido[3,2-b:2‘,3‘-e][1,4]diazepin-6-one (III)1a were identified as broad spectrum HIV-1 RT inhibitors. A detailed examination of replacing either of the methylenes of the 8-ethyl linker of II or III is presented. It was found that 8-aryloxymethyl and 8-arylthiomethyl are the preferred pattern of substitution for potency against RT. The most potent compounds were further evaluated against a panel of clinically significant mutant RT enzymes (K103N, V106A, G190A, P236L) and in cytotoxicity and in vitro metabolism assays. The most potent compound was 2-chloro-8-phenylthiomethyl analogue 37 which displayed sub-100 nM activity against all HIV-1 RT enzymes tested.
__label__0, The recent discovery that the formaldehyde conjugates of doxorubicin and daunorubicin, Doxoform and Daunoform, are cytotoxic to resistant human breast cancer cells prompted the search for hydrolytically more stable anthracycline−formaldehyde conjugates. Doxoform and Daunoform consist of two molecules of the parent drug bound together with three methylene groups, two forming oxazolidine rings and one binding the oxazolidines together at their 3‘-amino nitrogens. The 4‘-epimer of doxorubicin, epidoxorubicin, reacts with formaldehyde at its amino alcohol functionality to produce a conjugate, Epidoxoform, in 59% yield whose structure consists of two molecules of epidoxorubicin bound together with three methylene groups in a 1,6-diaza-4,9-dioxabicyclo[4.4.1]undecane ring system. The structure was established from spectroscopic data and is consistent with products from reaction of simpler vicinal trans-amino alcohols with formaldehyde. Epidoxoform hydrolyzes at pH 7.3 to an equilibrium mixture with dimeric and monomeric epidoxorubicin−formaldehyde conjugates without release of formaldehyde or epidoxorubicin. The hydrolysis follows the rate law (A ⇔ B) ⇔ C + D where A (Epidoxoform) is in rapid equilibrium with B, and B is in slow equilibrium with C and D. The forward rate constant for A/B going to C+D gives a half-life of approximately 2 h at 37 °C. At equilibrium the mixture is stable for at least 2 days. At pH 6.0, hydrolysis proceeds with first-order kinetics to epidoxorubicin and formaldehyde with a half-life of 15 min at 37 °C. Epidoxoform and epidoxorubicin plus formaldehyde react with the self-complementary DNA octamer (GC)4 to yield five drug−DNA adducts which have structures analogous to the doxorubicin−DNA adducts from reaction of Doxoform with (GC)4. Epidoxoform is 3-fold more toxic to MCF-7 human breast cancer cells and greater than 120-fold more toxic to MCF-7/ADR resistant cells than epidoxorubicin. Epidoxoform in equilibrium with its hydrolysis products is greater than 25-fold more toxic to resistant cells with respect to epidoxorubicin.
__label__0, Uric-acid-degrading enzymes (uricase, allantoinase, allantoicase, ureidoglycolate lyase and urease) were lost during vertebrate evolution and the causes for this loss are still unclear. We have recently cloned the first vertebrate allantoicase cDNA from the amphibian Xenopus laevis. Surprisingly, we have found some mammalian expressed sequence tags (ESTs) that show high similarity with Xenopus allantoicase cDNA. From a human fetal spleen cDNA library and adult kidney EST clone, we have obtained a 1790 nucleotide long cDNA. The 3′ end of this sequence reveals a substantial high identity with the corresponding portion of Xenopus allantoicase cDNA. In contrast, at the 5′ end the human sequence diverges from that of Xenopus; since no continuous open reading frame can be found in this region, the hypothetical human protein appears truncated at its N-terminus. We proposed that such a transcript could be due to an incorrect splicing mechanism that introduces an intron portion at the 5′ end of human cDNA. Allantoicase cDNA is expressed in adult testis, prostate, kidney and fetal spleen. By comparison with available genomic sequences deposited in database, we have determined that the human allantoicase gene consists of five exons and spans 8 kb. We have also mapped the gene in chromosome 2.
__label__0, We have identified a novel gene encoding a protein bearing GTP-binding motifs, the characteristics of GTP-binding proteins (G proteins). The deduced amino acid sequence exhibited the highest overall homology with GTPBP1 and its mouse orthologue GP-1. Hence, we named the gene GTPBP2. The mouse orthologue of this gene, Gtpbp2, showed 98% identity with GTPBP2 over the entire protein (the HGMW-approved nomenclature symbol is GTPBP2 and mouse orthologue is Gtpbp2). A phylogenetic analysis showed GTPBP2 and homologous G proteins (GTPBP1, AGP-1, and CGP-1) did not belong to major G protein families. They formed a distinct branch in the phylogenetic tree, suggesting that they constitute a novel G protein family. A 2.9 kb mRNA was predominantly detected in the testis along with various other organs. In situ hybridization analysis revealed that Gtpbp2 was predominantly expressed in spermatocytes and round-spermatids in the testis. These novel genes were localized to human chromosome 6p21.1–2 and mouse chromosome 17qC–D.
__label__0, The skin develops and differentiates during embryogenesis, which is concertedly regulated by a variety of genes. The present study isolated from the rat embryonic skin a novel differentiation-associated gene named Kdap (keratinocyte differentiation-associated protein) by suppression subtractive hybridization between the skin of 14 day postcoitus (dpc) embryo (the prehair-germ stage) and that of 17 dpc embryo (the hair-germ stage). Its mRNA contained four spliced forms in these tissues. The gene encoded a protein of total 98 amino acids with a calculated molecular mass of 11 kDa and an isoelectric point of 6.1 as an unspliced form. The two splicing zones were well conserved among rat, mouse, and human. This protein had a high hydrophobic N-terminal region, a possible signal sequence, and contained two putative N-myristoylation sites and two casein kinase II phosphorylation sites. In situ hybridization experiments detected Kdap transcripts exclusively in the suprabasal cell layers of the embryonic epidermis. Intense expression was also seen in suprabasal cells in regions of infundibulum of the hair follicle. These results indicated that Kdap provides a new insight into the mechanism of differentiation and the maintenance of stratified epithelia.
__label__0, Novel N-substituted phthalimides (2-substituted 1H-isoindole-1,3-diones) were prepared, and their effects on tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) production by human leukemia cell line HL-60 stimulated with 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol 13-acetate (TPA) or okadaic acid (OA) were examined. A structure−activity relationship study of the N-phenylphthalimides and N-benzylphthalimides revealed that their enhancing effect on TPA-induced TNF-α production by HL-60 cells and their inhibiting effect on OA-induced TNF-α production by HL-60 cells are only partially correlated.
__label__0, The metabolic instability in vivo of the glycosidic bond of 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(β-d-ribofuranosyl)benzimidazole (TCRB) prompted us to design and synthesize the hitherto unreported fluorinated benzimidazole nucleosides 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-d-arabinofuranosyl)benzimidazole, 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(3-deoxy-3-fluoro-β-d-xylofuranosyl)benzimidazole, and 2-bromo-5,6-dichloro-1-(2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-d-ribofuranosyl)benzimidazole. TCRB was converted into the 2‘,5‘-ditrityl and 3‘,5‘-ditrityl derivatives, which were fluorinated with DAST and deprotected to yield 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-d-arabinofuranosyl)benzimidazole and 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(3-deoxy-3-fluoro-β-d-xylofuranosyl)benzimidazole. The resulting low overall yield (5%) of 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-d-arabinofuranosyl)benzimidazole encouraged us to develop an alternative route. The heterocycle 2,5,6-trichlorobenzimidazole was condensed with 1-bromo-3,5-di-O-benzoyl-2-deoxy-2-fluoro-α-d-arabinofuranose to give, after deprotection, 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-d-arabinofuranosyl)benzimidazole in a 50% overall yield. The 2‘-deoxy-2‘-fluoro-β-d-ribofuranosyl compounds were prepared using 2‘-deoxy-2‘-fluorouridine, N-deoxyribofuranosyl transferase, and 5,6-dichlorobenzimidazole. Functionalization of the C2 position then gave the desired derivatives. Antiviral and cytotoxicity testing revealed that the deoxy fluoro arabinofuranosyl, xylofuranosyl, and ribofuranosyl derivatives were less active against human cytomegalovirus and more cytotoxic than TCRB.
__label__0, Removal efficiencies from a three-phase continuous, countercurrent solvent sublation of pyrene and pentachlorophenol from water are presented and compare well with Series CSTR Model predictions. The effects of the air-to-water flow ratio, the solvent flow rate, and the gas sparger design are discussed. Steady-state efficiencies as high as 96% for pyrene and 94% for pentachlorophenol are reported for an annular shear gas sparger. These results demonstrate the superiority of solvent sublation over bubble fractionation which is shown to be limited to a removal efficiency of 68% or less for these compounds. Moreover, analyses of the solvent (mineral oil) phase show that the separation factor (ratio of the solvent effluent concentration to the water effluent concentration) in solvent sublation can be as high as 300, which is distinctly greater than that observed in solvent extraction.
__label__0, MCM-41 materials of six different pore diameters were prepared and characterized using X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy, helium pycnometry, small-angle neutron scattering, and gas adsorption (argon at 77.4 and 87.4 K, nitrogen and oxygen at 77.4 K, and carbon dioxide at 194.6 K). A recent molecular continuum model of the authors, previously used for adsorption of nitrogen at 77.4 K, was applied here for adsorption of argon, oxygen, and carbon dioxide. While model predictions of single-pore adsorption isotherms for argon and oxygen are in satisfactory agreement with experimental data, significant deviation was found for carbon dioxide, most likely due to its high quadrupole moment. Predictions of critical pore diameter, below which reversible condensation occurs, were possible by the model and found to be consistent with experimental estimates, for the adsorption of the various gases. On the other hand, existing models such as the Barrett−Joyner−Halenda (BJH), Saito−Foley, and Dubinin−Astakhov models were found to be inadequate, either predicting an incorrect pore diameter or not correlating the isotherms adequately. The wall structure of MCM-41 appears to be close to that of amorphous silica, as inferred from our skeletal density measurements.
__label__0, In this study 87 amino acids (AA.s) have been characterized by 26 physicochemical descriptor variables. These descriptor variables include experimentally determined retention values in seven thin-layer chromatography (TLC) systems, three nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) shift variables, and 16 calculated variables, namely six semiempirical molecular orbital indices, total, polar, and nonpolar surface area, van der Waals volume of the side chain, log P, molecular weight, and four indicator variables describing hydrogen bond donor and acceptor properties, and side chain charge. In the present study, the data from a previous characterization of 55 AA.s from our laboratory have been extended with data for 32 additional AA.s and 14 new descriptor variables. The new 32 AA.s were selected to represent both intermediate and more extreme physicochemical properties, compared to the 20 coded AA.s. The new extended and updated principal property scales, the z-scales, were calculated and aligned to previously reported z(old)-scales. The appropriateness of the extended z-scales were validated by the use in quantitative sequence−activity modeling (QSAM) of 89 elastase substrate analogues and in a QSAM of 29 neurotensin analogues.
__label__0, The platelet fibrinogen receptor GpIIb-IIIa is curently considered a target of choice for drugs used in the prevention and treatment of thrombosis. Ethyl 3-[N-[4-[4-[amino[(ethoxycarbonyl)imino]methyl]phenyl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]-N-[1-[(ethoxycarbonyl)methyl]piperid-4-yl]amino]propionate (6, SR 121787) is a new antiaggregating agent which generates in vivo the corresponding diacid 19d (SR 121566), a non-peptide GpIIb-IIIa antagonist. In vitro, 19d inhibited ADP-induced aggregation of human and baboon platelets (IC50 = 46 ± 11 and 54 ± 6 nM, respectively), and on human platelets, 19d antagonized the binding of 125I-labeled fibrinogen (IC50 = 19.2 ± 6.2 nM). Exvivo, 8 h after an iv administration of 19d (100 μg/kg, iv) to baboons, ADP-induced aggregation was strongly inhibited (more than 90%). At 8 h, the ED50 value was 24 ± 3.3 μg/kg), and even 24 h after the administration of a single dose of 100 μg/kg of 19d, platelet aggregation was still significantly inhibited (50 ± 6% inhibition, P < 0.05). In the same species, the oral administration of 500 μg/kg of 6 produced a nearly complete inhibition of aggregation for up to 8 h (ED50 at 8 h was 193 ± 20 μg/kg). After an oral dose of 2 mg/kg of 6, an antiaggregating effect was still observed at 24 h (44 ± 12% inhibition, P < 0.05). 6 was well tolerated in animals, showing that, on the basis of these studies, it is a suitable candidate for development as an orally active antithrombotic agent.
__label__0, The aim of this study was to formulate, develop, and determine the behavior of nanostructured protective coating systems, fireproof and environmentally friendly, suitable for the protection of metallic substrates. The results allowed concluding that the di- and tripigmented formulations based on laminar zinc, either alone or mixed with nanozinc, showed an excellent corrosion resistance when a nanostructured self-cured inorganic silicate (high silica/alkali ratio) was selected as the film forming material. Coating systems included a sealer of low permeability, which was based on the same film forming material that primers and on laminar pigments. Intumescent coatings were manufactured and then applied on the sealer; in this study, two types of products in an aqueous single package were formulated. The anticorrosive capacity was evaluated in a salt spraying (fog) chamber and in a 100% relative humidity cabinet while the performance against the fire action was determined by estimating the limiting oxygen index in the LOI cabinet, the flame advance in an inclined tunnel, and, finally, the thermal conductivity in a UL 94 flame chamber; in the last test, the degree of intumescence was also assessed. The results showed an excellent ability for corrosion controlling and, in addition, a good performance against the fire action of some of the no pollutant coating systems designed.
__label__0, Toward establishing the general efficacy of using trisubstituted cyclopropanes as peptide mimics to stabilize extended peptide structures, the cyclopropanes 20a−d were incorporated as replacements into 9−13, which are analogues of the known HIV-1 protease inhibitors 14 and 15. The syntheses of 20a−d commenced with the Rh2[5(S)-MEPY]4-catalyzed cyclization of the allylic diazoesters 16a−d to give the cyclopropyl lactones 17a−d in high enantiomeric excess. Opening of the lactone moiety using the Weinreb protocol and straightforward refunctionalization of the intermediate amides 18a−d gave 20a−d. A similar sequence of reactions was used to prepare the N-methyl-2-pyridyl analogue 28. Coupling of 20a−d and 28 with the known diamino diol 22 delivered 9−13. Pseudopeptides 9−12 were found to be competitive inhibitors of wild-type HIV-1 protease in biological assays having Kis of 0.31−0.35 nM for 9, 0.16−0.21 nM for 10, 0.47 nM for 11, and 0.17 nM for 12; these inhibitors were thus approximately equipotent to the known inhibitor 14 (IC50 = 0.22 nM) from which they were derived. On the other hand 13 (Ki = 80 nM) was a weaker inhibitor than its analogue 15 (Ki = 0.11 nM). The solution structures of 9 and 10 were analyzed by NMR spectroscopy and simulated annealing procedures that included restraints derived from homo- and heteronuclear coupling constants and NOEs; because of the molecular symmetry of 9 and 10, a special protocol to treat the NOE data was used. The final structure was checked by restrained and free molecular dynamic calculations using an explicit DMSO solvent box. The preferred solution conformations of 9 and 10 are extended structures that closely resemble the three-dimensional structure of 10 bound to HIV-1 protease as determined by X-ray crystallographic analysis of the complex. This work convincingly demonstrates that extended structures of peptides may be stabilized by the presence of substituted cyclopropanes that serve as peptide replacements. Moreover, the linear structure enforced in solution by the two cyclopropane rings in the pseudopeptides 9−12 appears to correspond closely to the biologically active conformation of the more flexible inhibitors 14 and 15. The present work, which is a combination of medicinal, structural, and quantum chemistry, thus clearly establishes that cyclopropanes may be used as structural constraints to reduce the flexibility of linear pseudopeptides and to help enforce the biologically active conformation of such ligands in solution.
__label__0, An innovative way to upgrade heavy crude oils is the use of ultradispersed catalysts; however, an adequate mathematical expression that describes the mass transfer on this process is still missing. This paper studies the separation and suspension of ultradispersed particles based on their motion through diverse viscous media enclosed in horizontal cylindrical channels. A time-dependent, three-dimensional convective−dispersive model which simulates the transient deposition and suspension of these particles immersed in viscous media inside a horizontal cylinder was developed and solved. This model was also experimentally validated, and its results unveiled the particle and fluid media properties that are necessary to control particle deposition. The experiments were performed using Fe2O3 particles (average sizes of 198 nm) immersed in water−glycerol mixtures with different densities and viscosities subject to different fluid velocities. The effect of the fluid medium properties, the initial particle concentration, and fluid velocity on the dispersion coefficient was also studied.
__label__0, A number of 3-isoxazolol bioisosteres, 7a−i, of (S)-glutamic acid (Glu), in which the methyl group of (RS)-2-amino-3-(3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazol-4-yl)propionic acid (AMPA, 1) was replaced by different 5-membered heterocyclic rings, were synthesized. Comparative in vitro pharmacological studies on this series of AMPA analogues were performed using receptor binding assays (IC50 values) and the electrophysiological rat cortical slice model (EC50 values). None of these compounds showed detectable affinity for the N-methyl-d-aspartic acid subtype of Glu receptors. Some of the compounds were weak inhibitors of [3H]kainic acid binding. The inhibitory effects on [3H]AMPA binding and agonist potencies at AMPA receptors of 7a−i were strictly dependent on the structure, electrostatic potential, and methyl substitution of the heterocyclic 5-substituent. Thus, while 7a (IC50 = 0.094 μM; EC50 = 2.3 μM) was approximately equipotent with AMPA (IC50 = 0.023 μM; EC50 = 5.4 μM), (RS)-2-amino-3-[3-hydroxy-5-(1H-imidazol-2-yl)isoxazol-4-yl]propionic acid (7b) (IC50 = 48 μM; EC50 = 550 μM) was some 2 orders of magnitude weaker than AMPA, and (RS)-2-amino-3-[3-hydroxy-5-(1-methyl-1H-imidazol-2-yl)isoxazol-4-yl]propionic acid (7c) (IC50 > 100 μM; EC50 > 1000 μM) was inactive. Furthermore, (RS)-2-amino-3-[3-hydroxy-5-(2-methyl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)isoxazol-4-yl]propionic acid (7i) (IC50 = 0.030 μM; EC50 = 0.92 μM) was more potent than AMPA, whereas its N-1 methyl isomer, (RS)-2-amino-3-[3-hydroxy-5-(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)isoxazol-4-yl]propionic acid (7h) (IC50 = 54 μM; EC50 > 1000 μM) was inactive as an AMPA agonist. A quantitative structure−activity relationship (QSAR) analysis revealed a positive correlation between receptor affinity, electrostatic potential near the nitrogen atom at the “ortho” position of the heterocyclic 5-substituent, and the rotational energy barrier around the bond connecting the two rings. We envisage that a hydrogen bond between the protonated amino group and an ortho-positioned heteroatom of the ring substituent at the 5-position stabilize receptor-active conformations of these AMPA analogues.
__label__0, The modeling and design of reactive absorption is based on a theoretical description of reaction and mass transport in multicomponent systems. The multicomponent nature of these phenomena leads to complex process behavior due to the superposition of many driving forcesmulticomponent diffusion, chemical interactions, convective flows, multicomponent thermodynamic interplay, etc. For this reason, an adequate theoretical description of the multicomponent reactive systems calls for the application of the Maxwell−Stefan equations and, further, for the use of matrix coupled mass-transfer equations together with the relevant reaction kinetics. On this basis, a two-phase, gas−liquid system is considered and a general model is developed for its design. Reactions in both liquid and gas phases are taken into account, and both the film and bulk reaction mechanisms are allowed for. The transport equation describing the film phenomena is solved analytically by using a linearization of the reaction term. The model is applied to the description of NOx absorption. A comparison of the experimental and theoretical results demonstrated their good agreement.
__label__0, This paper develops a novel cross-flow cascade packed column. The column has a smaller width of packing in the direction of the gas flow and a bigger area for gas flow compared with a conventional cross-flow device with identical column diameter, stage height, and cross-sectional area for the irrigating liquid flows. The performance comparisons of the novel cross-flow cascade packed column with a countercurrent packed column for stripping ethanol from water indicate that the gas-phase pressure drop per theoretical stage in the novel cross-flow column is significantly lower than that in a countercurrent packed column operation under identical conditions. A methodology is developed for modeling the novel nine-stage cross-flow cascade packed column by using the “number of transfer unit” technique. This method is demonstrated by experimental data on ethanol−water.
__label__0, Removal of low-ppm concentrations of acetaldehyde, a common indoor air pollutant, by photocatalysis is investigated in an annular photoreactor with a thin film of TiO2 coated on a stainless steel plate. Numerical residence time distribution is performed by CFD and characterized with the dispersion model. No byproducts are detected, and complete carbon balance is achieved, allowing the assumption that all of the eventually formed byproducts are converted into carbon dioxide and water. The dependence of the reaction rate on light intensity is studied, showing a first-order tendency in the experimental conditions. Modeling of fluid dynamics and photocatalytic reaction is realized with a CFD approach, considering that intrinsic kinetics is independent of reactor geometry, radiation field, and fluid dynamics. Kinetic parameters determined in a batch reactor are used to calculate the concentration distribution in the annular reactor. In terms of conversion yield, model prediction and experimental results are found in good agreement.
__label__0, This study involves the Fenton photo-assisted degradation of p-nitrotoluenesulfonate (p-NTS). The most important chemical variables affecting the reaction have been identified. A mathematical model has been constructed for the optimal conditions necessary to achieve photocatalytic degradation of p-NTS. A polynomial and an exponential function have been constructed and developed for this purpose. These function(s) allow the optimization of the energy, time, and chemicals needed during the degradation of a given amount of the pollutant. The photo-assisted degradation was observed to render the recalcitrant p-NTS susceptible to undergoing a secondary biological degradation. Contour plots giving the minima of the TOC values attained during the degradation process have been determined through the polynomial or exponential functions found. These minima are referenced to the critical parameters involved in the degradation. The overlapping of minima in two of these 2D contour plots gives the minimum value of the TOC as a function of three variables. These functions are represented in 3D surfaces for specific sets of variables. The validity of the exponential model is shown in this study to reach to much lower TOC values far beyond the application range of the polynomial model and therefore it is better suited for the problem under consideration. The kinetics of the photo-assisted process were found not to be significantly affected by the intensity of the applied light or the absorption of the solution. The excitation of the Fe3+-ion chromophore in solution was the factor determining the kinetics and efficiency of the photodegradation. Quantum yields for the degradation of p-NTS were determined as a function of the wavelength of irradiation to substantiate this observation. The evolution of aromatic and aliphatic intermediates within the degradation time was looked into. Intermittent illumination was applied during the degradation with consequent energy savings since the degradation still took place within reasonable degradation times. Batch and flow runs were carried out in the photoreactor. An estimate of the cost and efficiency for the electrical energy used during the degradation of p-NTS is outlined.
__label__0, Hypothesis driven and systematic structure−activity relationship (SAR) investigations have resulted in the development of effective central nervous system (CNS) antagonists of corticotropin (ACTH)-releasing factor (CRF) such as α-helical CRF(9-41)3 and analogues of our assay standard [DPhe12,Nle21,38]hCRF(12-41).4 On the other hand, equally potent CRF antagonists that block the hypothalamic/pituitary/adrenal (HPA) axis had not been described until recently.5 Predictive methods, physicochemical measurements (nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometry and circular dichroism spectroscopy), and SAR studies suggest that CRF and its family members (urotensins and sauvagine) assume an α-helical conformation when interacting with CRF receptors.6,7 To further test this hypothesis, we have systematically scanned the hCRF(9-41) or hCRF(12-41) sequences with an i−(i + 3) bridge consisting of the Glu-Xaa-Xbb-Lys scaffold which we and others had shown could maintain or enhance α-helical structure. From this series we have identified seven analogues that are either equipotent to, or 3 times more potent than, the assay standard; in addition, as presented earlier5 cyclo(30−33)[DPhe12,Nle21,38,Glu30,Lys33]hCRF(12-41) (astressin) is 32 times more potent than the assay standard in blocking ACTH secretion in vitro (rat pituitary cell culture assay). In vivo, astressin is also significantly more potent than earlier antagonists at reducing hypophysial ACTH secretion in intact stressed or adrenalectomized rats.5 Since the corresponding linear analogues that were tested are significantly less potent, our interpretation of the increased potency of the cyclic analogues is that the introduction of the side chain to side chain bridging element (Glu30---Lys33, and to a lesser extent that of Glu14---Lys17, Glu20---Lys23, Glu23---Lys26, Glu26---Lys29, Glu28---Lys31, Glu29---Lys32, and Glu33---Lys36) induces and stabilizes in the receptor environment a putative α-helical bioactive conformation of the fragment that is not otherwise heavily represented. The effect of the introduction of two favored substitutions [(cyclo(20−23) and cyclo(30−33)] yielded 37 with a potency 8 times that of the assay standard but actually 12 times less than expected if the effect of the two cycles had been multiplicative. These results suggest that the pituitary CRF receptor can discriminate between slightly different identifiable conformations, dramatically illustrating the role that secondary and tertiary structures play in modulating biological signaling through specific protein−ligand interactions.
__label__0, A group of racemic alkyl and 2-phenethyl 1,4-dihydro-2,6-dimethyl-3-nitro-4-(3- or 6-substituted-2-pyridyl)-5-pyridinecarboxylates (13a−q) was prepared using a modified Hantzsch reaction that involved the condensation of a 3- or 6-substituted-2-pyridinecarboxaldehyde (7a−j) with an alkyl or 2-phenethyl 3-aminocrotonate (11a−d) and nitroacetone (12). Nuclear Overhauser (NOE) studies indicated there is a significant rotamer fraction in solution where the pyridyl nitrogen is oriented above the 1,4-dihydropyridine ring, irrespective of whether a substituent is located at the 3- or 6-position. A potential H-bonding interaction between the pyridyl nitrogen free electron pair and the suitably positioned 1,4-dihydropyridine NH moiety may stablize this rotamer orientation. In vitro calcium channel antagonist and agonist activities were determined using guinea pig ileum longitudinal smooth muscle (GPILSM) and guinea pig left atrium (GPLA) assays, respectively. Compounds having an i-Pr ester substituent acted as dual cardioselective calcium channel agonists (GPLA)/smooth muscle-selective calcium channel antagonists (GPILSM), except for the C-4 3-nitro-2-pyridyl compound which exhibited an antagonist effect on both GPLA and GPILSM. In contrast, the compounds with a phenethyl ester group, which exhibited antagonist activity (IC50 = 10-5−10-7 M range) on GPILSM, were devoid of cardiac agonist activity on GPLA. Structure−activity relationships showing the effect of a substituent (Me, CF3, Cl, NO2, Ph) at the 3- or 6-position of a C-4 2-pyridyl moiety and a variety of ester substituents (Me, Et, i-Pr, PhCH2CH2-) upon calcium channel modulation are described. Compounds possessing a 3- or 6-substituted-2-pyridyl moiety, in conjuction with an i-Pr ester substituent, are novel 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel modulators that offer a new drug design approach directed to the treatment of congestive heart failure and may also be useful as probes to study the structure−function relationships of calcium channels.
__label__0, This paper presents an approach for predicting the solubility of hydrogen in hydrocarbons using a cubic equation of state. Because the α function from the Soave−Redlich−Kwong and Peng−Robinson equations of state is inadequate at temperatures far above the critical temperature, the binary interaction parameters required for hydrogen−hydrocarbon systems using these equations are typically large and strongly dependent on the temperature. An approach is proposed for developing a temperature-dependent α function for hydrogen which minimizes the need for interaction parameters. The minimization of the values of the binary interaction parameters between hydrogen and heavy hydrocarbons is desirable because this produces better predictions when the binary interaction parameters are not known and are set to zero. A universal procedure is also presented for interconverting the binary interaction parameters between the new hydrogen α function developed in this work and the traditional Soave α function or any other type of α function.
__label__0, Direct propane dehydrogenation is the most economical route to propylene, but very complex due to endothermic reaction requirements, equilibrium limitations, stereochemistry, and engineering constraints. The state of the art idea of bimodal particle (gas−solid−solid) fluidization was applied, in order to overcome alkane dehydrogenation reaction barriers in a fluidized bed technology. In this study, the propane dehydrogenation reaction was studied in an integrated fluidized bed reactor, using Pt-Sn/Al-SAPO-34 novel catalyst at 590 °C. The results of fixed bed microreactor and integrated bimodal particle fluidized bed reactors were compared and parametrically characterized. The results showed that the propylene selectivity is over 95%, with conversion between 31 and 24%. This significant enhancement is by using novel bimodal particle fluidization system, owing to uniform heat transfer throughout the reactor and transfer coke from principal catalyst to secondary catalyst, which increases principal catalyst’s stability. Experimental investigation reveals that the novel Pt-Sn/Al-SAPO-34 catalyst and proposed intensified design of fluidized bed reactor is a promising opportunity for direct propane dehydrogenation to propylene, with both economic and operational benefit.
__label__0, The cubic-plus-association (CPA) equation of state (EoS) is applied in this study to binary aqueous mixtures containing hydrocarbons. The CPA EoS combines the Soave−Redlich−Kwong (SRK) cubic equation of state for the physical part and perturbation theory for the chemical (association) part. Rigorous expressions for the contribution of the association term to the pressure and to the chemical potential, which do not include any derivatives of the mole fraction of molecules i not bonded at site A (XAi), are presented. Three different association models for water have been considered depending on the number of hydrogen bonding sites per water molecule:  the two-, three-, and four-site models. Successful correlation of both vapor pressures and saturated liquid volumes is obtained with all three models. However, satisfactory correlation results of the mutual solubilities of water/aliphatic hydrocarbon systems are obtained only with the four-site model using a single interaction parameter (kij) in the attractive term of the EoS. A generalized expression of kij as a function of the molecular weight of the members of the homologous series is presented, something that allows CPA to be used as a predictive tool. Very satisfactory prediction results are obtained, comparable to the correlation ones of the SAFT EoS for the water solubility in the hydrocarbon-rich phase and orders of magnitude better for the hydrocarbon solubility in the water-rich phase. Satisfactory predictions are also obtained for the vapor-phase compositions and the three-phase equilibrium pressures.
__label__0, A new method for PID controller tuning based on process models for cascaded control systems is proposed in this paper. The method consists of first finding the ideal controller that gives the desired closed loop response and then finding the PID approximation of the ideal controller by Maclaurin series. This method can be applied to any open loop stable processes. Furthermore, it enables us to tune the PID controllers both for the inner loop and the outer loop simultaneously while existing tuning methods tune the inner loop first and the outer loop next. Closed loop responses of cascade control loops tuned by the proposed method are compared with those of existing methods such as the frequency response method and the ITAE method. The results show that the proposed tuning method is superior to the existing methods.
__label__0, Asphaltene precipitation is a serious problem during oil recovery processes. Many models have been developed to predict the precipitation. This paper summarizes these precipitation models and implements the model of Nghiem et al. in The University of Texas Compositional simulator to predict the effects of asphaltene precipitation on fluid flow through porous media. An algorithm is proposed to efficiently couple the precipitation calculation with the fluid-flow computation. A rock-fabric model is introduced to relate the asphaltene precipitation to the changes of permeability and relative permeability. Reservoir simulation results show that consideration of the asphaltene precipitation leads to a different prediction of oil recovery.
__label__0, 29Si NMR is used to quantify the polymerization kinetics of silicon alkoxide intermediates in acidic sol−gel processes well before gelation. Reaction conditions are chosen (a) to minimize interference by hydrolysis kinetics and differing degrees of hydrolysis and (b) to investigate the possibility of single-step copolymerization. At the composition chosen hydrolysis reactions rapidly reach pseudoequilibrium, so condensation rate coefficients can be easily determined. We compare condensation rate coefficients of hydrolyzed intermediates from tetraethoxysilane {Si(OEt)4}, ethyltriethoxysilane {EtSi(OEt)3}, and diethyldiethoxysilane {Et2Si(OEt)2} at a constant initial water and catalyst concentration. A surprisingly strong negative first-shell substitution effect is caused by connectivity for each system and is discussed. This substitution effect depends on the degree of condensation of both reacting groups but more so on the less connected one. We also comment on a decrease in condensation reactivity and an increase in hydrolysis reactivity and favorability caused by the nonreactive ethyl groups.
__label__0, By considering a range of conditions where the condensation time scale significantly exceeds that of hydrolysis, we are able to quantify by 29Si NMR the alkoxide hydrolysis equilibrium constants of silicon sites with varying degrees of ethoxy, siloxy, and methyl group substitution during polymerization of methylethoxysilanes in ethanol/water mixtures. Although there is a strong emphasis in existing literature on differences in hydrolysis behavior with such substitutions, we find a surprising lack of variation in these coefficients:  all are near 15 ± 6. This implies that in practice, while hydrolysis rates may vary with substitution, differences in hydrolysis pseudoequilibrium behavior may often be negligible. Surprisingly, we also find that, even under alkaline conditions, sites with exactly one uncondensed group reach hydrolysis pseudoequilibrium, although other sites in the same solution do not.
__label__0, Magnesium−aluminum double oxides derived from the thermal treatment of layered hydroxides (hydrotalcites) have been tested for CO2 adsorption. The effects of various preparation parameters, such as the incorporated cation (K or Na), the mode of addition of magnesium and aluminum precursors, the presence of sonication, and the calcination temperature, on the adsorption capacity under mild conditions were studied using thermogravimetry and calorimetry. Calorimetric and FTIR data were used to explain the adsorption mechanisms leading to the undesirable irreversible adsorption. This adsorption was related to the formation of unidentate CO2-adsorbent species with the strongest adsorption sites, whereas bidentate and surface bicarbonates lead to highly reversible adsorption. In conclusion, preparation procedures that lead to an increase in the strength of basic sites do not lead to significant increases in the adsorption capacity, but rather lead to more difficult regeneration of the saturated support.
__label__0, The vacuolar H+-ATPase (V-ATPase), located on the ruffled border of the osteoclast, is a proton pump which is responsible for secreting the massive amounts of protons that are required for the bone resorption process. With the aim to identify new agents which are able to prevent the excessive bone resorption associated with osteoporosis, we have designed a novel class of potent and selective inhibitors of the osteoclast proton pump, starting from the structure of the specific V-ATPase inhibitor bafilomycin A1. Compounds 3a−d potently inhibited the V-ATPase in chicken osteoclast membranes (IC50 = 60−180 nM) and were able to prevent bone resorption by human osteoclasts in vitro at low-nanomolar concentrations. Notably, the EC50 of compound 3c in this assay was 45-fold lower than the concentration required for half-maximal inhibition of the V-ATPase from human kidney cortex. These results support the validity of the osteoclast proton pump as a useful molecular target to produce novel inhibitors of bone resorption, potentially useful as antiosteporotic agents.
__label__0, A series of N-1-substituted derivatives of pyrazino[2,3-c][1,2,6]thiadiazine 2,2-dioxides bearing aryl groups at the pyrazino moiety have been prepared. The synthesis involves ring formation between the diaminothiadiazine and suitable dicarbonyl compounds and subsequent introduction of the substituent at N-1. The compounds have been tested in vitro, as inhibitors of rabbit and human platelet aggregation, and ex vivo against rat platelet aggregation induced by arachidonic acid, ADP, collagen, U46619, and I-BOP. The results obtained indicate that some pyrazino[2,3-c][1,2,6]thiadiazine derivatives show significant platelet aggregation inhibition similar to other antithrombotic agents and that the antiplatelet properties may be mediated by interference with the arachidonic acid pathway.
__label__0, Ring-substituted bis(phenazine-1-carboxamides), linked by a −(CH2)3NMe(CH2)3− chain, were prepared from the corresponding substituted phenazine-1-carboxylic acids by reaction of the intermediate imidazolides with bis(3-aminopropyl)methylamine. The compounds were evaluated for growth inhibitory activity in a panel of tumor cell lines, including P388 leukemia, Lewis lung carcinoma, and wild-type (JLC) and mutant (JLA and JLD) forms of human Jurkat leukemia. The latter mutant lines are resistant to topoisomerase (topo) II targeted agents because of lower levels of the enzyme. Analogues with small, lipophilic substituents (e.g., Me, Cl) at the 9-position were the most potent inhibitors, superior to the corresponding dimeric bis(acridine-4-carboxamides) (bis-DACA analogues). Several of the compounds were preferentially (up to 2-fold) more cytotoxic toward the mutant Jurkat lines than the wild-type. To test whether this selectivity was related to topoisomerase action, the most potent of the compounds (9-methyl) was evaluated in a cell-free system. It poisoned topo I at drug concentrations of 0.25 and 0.5 μM and inhibited the catalytic activity of both topo I and topo II at concentrations of 1 and 5 μM, respectively. Results from the NCI human tumor cell line panel showed the compounds had preferential activity toward colon tumor lines (on average 9.5-fold more active in the HT29 line than in the cell line panel as a whole). Several analogues produced significant growth delays in the relatively refractory subcutaneous colon 38 tumor model in vivo. In particular, the 9-methyl compound was substantially more potent in this tumor model than the clinical dual topo I/II poison DACA (total dose 90 versus 400 mg/kg) with comparable activity. The bis(phenazine-1-carboxamides) are a new and interesting class of dual topo I/II-directed anticancer drugs.
__label__0, The three-dimensional structure of lanosterol 14α-demethylase (P45014DM, CYP51) of Candida albicans was modeled on the basis of crystallographic coordinates of four prokaryotic P450s:  P450BM3, P450cam, P450terp, and P450eryF. The P45014DM sequence was aligned to those of known proteins using a knowledge-based alignment method. The main chain coordinates of the core regions were transferred directly from the corresponding coordinates of P450BM3. The side chain conformations of the core regions were determined by the conformations of the equivalent residues with the highest homologous scores in four crystal structures. The model was then refined using molecular mechanics and molecular dynamics. The reliability of the resulting model was assessed by Ramachandran plots, Profile-3D, hydropathy plot analysis, and by analyzing the consistency of the model with the experimental data. The structurally and functionally important residues such as the heme binding residues, the residues interacting with redox-partner protein and/or involved in electron transfer, the residues lining substrate access channel, and the substrate binding residues were identified from the model. These residues are candidates for further site-directed mutagenesis and site-specific antipeptide antibody binding experiments. The active analogue approach was employed to search the pharmacophoric conformations for 14 azole antifungals. The resulting bioactive conformations were docked into the active site of lanosterol 14α-demethylase of Candida albicans. All 14 azole antifungals are shown to have a similar docking mode in the active site. The halogenated phenyl group of azole inhibitors is deep in the same hydrophobic binding cleft as the 17-alkyl chain of substrate. The π−π stacking interaction might exist between halogenated phenyl ring of inhibitors and the aromatic ring of residue Y132. The long side chains of some inhibitors such as itraconazole and ketoconazole surpass the active site and interact with the residues in the substrate access channel. To compare with mammalian enzymes, structurally selective residues of the active site of fungal lanosterol 14α-demethylase are distributed in the C terminus of F helix, β6-1 sheet and β6-2 sheet.
__label__0, Hydrolysis and oxidation in sub- and supercritical water has been widely studied as methods to convert organic wastes into carbon dioxide and water. This technique could be applied to destroy epoxy resin, a polymer easily used in nuclear plants. This paper deals with the behavior of an epoxy resin tested in a batch reactor. The organic network is hydrolyzed and oxidized. The influence of temperature, pressure, and residence time is studied. Low-molecular-degradation compounds are characterized by the GC/MS technique. The epoxy resin is completely destroyed by way of oxidation at 410 °C and 24 MPa.
__label__0, A pilot-plant unit, namely, Multicrackex, for the catalytic cracking of hydrocarbons with the riser and regenerator units under direct heat exchange conditions was developed in the course of the present study. A two-levels pseudofactorial experimental program was designed using the synthetic gas oil SF-135 (CANMET) and a commercial equilibrium catalyst (Akzo Octaboost). Using the experimental temperature profile inside the riser, the reaction rate constants and activation energies were evaluated for the four lump model. These parameters were precisely estimated (±7% average), and the adequacy of the model was tested by statistical analysis, showing model predictions inside the ±15−20% error range. The experimental results and model predictions indicate that endothermic effects of the cracking reactions and gas oil vaporization are neutralized by the heat transfer from the regenerator to the riser.
__label__0, An instance of the quadratic assignment problem (QAP) with cost matrix Q is said to be linearizable if there exists an instance of the linear assignment problem (LAP) with cost matrix C such that for each assignment, the QAP and LAP objective function values are identical. The QAP linearization problem can be solved in O ( n 4 ) time. However, for the special cases of Koopmans–Beckmann QAP and the multiplicative assignment problem the input size is of Ω ( n 2 ) . We show that the QAP linearization problem for these special cases can be solved in O ( n 2 ) time. For symmetric Koopmans–Beckmann QAP, Bookhold [I. Bookhold, A contribution to quadratic assignment problems, Optimization 21 (1990) 933–943.] gave a sufficient condition for linearizability and raised the question if the condition is necessary. We show that Bookhold’s condition is also necessary for linearizability of symmetric Koopmans–Beckmann QAP.
__label__0, Interracial hybrids of metalaxyl-resistant, fluorophenylalanine-sertsitive (MEXrFPAs) and metalaxyl-sensitive, fluorophenylalanine-resistant (MEXrFPAs) parents of Phytophihora sojae and 101 F2 progeny from one hybrid were evaluated in vitro for inhibitor sensitivity. Genetic evidence confirmed that a slow-growing single-oospore culture selected on a double-inhibitor germination medium from a MEXrFPAsrace 1 × MEXrFPAsrace 3 cross was indeed a sexual hybrid. Analysis of F2 progeny indicated that a single gene (Mex) governing MEX-resistance was incompletely dominant whereas a gene (Fpa) for FPA-resistance was fully dominant. Mex and Fpa genes and race 1 and race 3 virulence traits were inherited independently. These data confirm the usefulness of selectable phenotypic markers for studying the genetics of Phytophthora through the sexual cycle.
__label__0, Hostility is associated with altered metabolic activity but little research has examined sex and/or age differences using a global index of metabolic dysfunction or examined different aspects of hostility.
__label__0, CuO/ZnO nanocomposite materials have attracted widespread attention because of their scientific and technological importance as, for example, photocatalysts, gas and humidity sensors, catalysts for H2 production and organic synthesis, and solar cells. High-temperature and/or complicated multistep processes are usually used to prepare these composites. Here we demonstrate a low-temperature and facile one-step synthesis of CuO nanoflowers/ZnO nanorods composite arrays via an alkaline vapor oxidation process. The CuO/ZnO composite nanoarrays show high electrocatalytic activity toward glucose oxidation.
__label__0, We first study mean–variance efficient portfolios when there are no trading constraints and show that optimal strategies perform poorly in bear markets. We then assume that investors use a stochastic benchmark (linked to the market) as a reference portfolio. We derive mean–variance efficient portfolios when investors aim to achieve a given correlation (or a given dependence structure) with this benchmark. We also provide upper bounds on Sharpe ratios and show how these bounds can be useful for fraud detection. For example, it is shown that under some conditions it is not possible for investment funds to display a negative correlation with the financial market and to have a positive Sharpe ratio. All the results are illustrated in a Black–Scholes market.
__label__0, Animals living in dynamic foraging environments are subject to trade-offs between exploiting current resources and exploring alternative resources. Social insects face the additional challenge of redistributing an often large foraging force among multiple patches in the absence of leadership or centralized control. We used comparative, field-based techniques to study the dynamic performance of five ant species. We also investigated how the number of ants involved in the decision-making process influenced feeder exploitation and dynamic performance. Colonies were offered two feeders that differed in quality. After 30 min, the feeders changed quality; the challenge for the colonies was to reallocate foraging effort following the swap. We predicted that colonies that invested heavily in exploiting the high-quality resource would have difficulty reallocating foragers following the quality swap. We also predicted that larger foraging groups would have stronger exploitation intensity and better dynamic performance than smaller groups. Overall, we found evidence for a trade-off between exploitation and flexibility such that species that tended to focus strongly on high-quality resources had relatively poor dynamic performance. Contrary to our prediction, we found no evidence that the number of ants influenced dynamic performance. The number of ants did, however, influence exploitation intensity such that colonies with fewer foragers tended to allocate a greater proportion of ants to the higher quality feeder than larger colonies. Our results highlight the factors that influence how species respond to the exploration–exploitation trade-off when faced with short-term fluctuations in the foraging environment.
__label__0, Highly ordered TiO2 nanotube arrays were successfully prepared by electrochemical anodization in a formamide-based electrolyte containing 0.5 wt.% NH4F and 2 vol.% H2O. The effects of the calcining temperature, the calcining time and the heating rate on the formation of the TiO2 nanotube arrays were investigated in detail. The morphological changes and phase transformations of the TiO2 nanotubes were analyzed by X-ray diffraction, scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. It was found that the calcining temperature and the calcining time determined the crystal phase, while the heating rate was only beneficial to altering the crystallinity. UV–vis diffuse reflectance spectroscopy was used to examine changes in the band gap energy. For applications to dye sensitized solar cells, a maximum conversion efficiency was achieved at 500 °C for 2 h with a heating rate of 10 °C/min, which is attributed to the highly crystalline anatase and the lower surface defect concentrations of the nanotubes. The optimum calcination conditions help to retard the electron recombination and allow higher dye absorption capacities, thereby increasing Voc and Jsc.
__label__0, We evaluated the efficacy of percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation for different types of pediatric lower urinary tract dysfunction.
__label__0, Modeling of some parameters of wet ball milling system of copper sulphide ore was performed in this study. A three level Box–Bhenken design combining a response surface methodology (RSM) with quadratic model was employed for modeling of key operating parameters of ball mills. Grinding experiments were designed and executed by a laboratory ball mill, considering ball size, ball charge and solid content as variables. Grinding tests were performed changing these three variables (ball size, ball charge and solid content) in the range of 20–40 mm, 20–40% and 65–80% respectively. Product 80% passing size (d80) was defined as process response. A quadratic model was developed to demonstrate the effect of each parameter and its interaction with d80 of product. Predicted values of response obtained using model equation were in good agreement with the experimental values (R2 value of 0.994 for d80). Finer d80 was achieved using greater ball charges with smaller ball sizes. More favorable results were also obtained at the center of solid content level. Results suggest that RSM could be efficiently applied for modeling of ball milling system of some copper sulphide ores.
__label__0, Electricity demand response refers to consumer actions that change the utility load profile in a way that reduces costs or improves grid security. The focus of demand response has mainly been on the commercial and big industrial sectors because of the large demand reduction that they can offer to the utility grid operators. Utilities are showing increasing interest in residential demand response (RDR). RDR can be treated as an energy resource which can be assessed and commercially developed, however, there are still some issues that remain to be addressed for RDR to be successful. These include price unresponsiveness of some residential consumers, equity issues and high cost of the metering infrastructure. The aim of this paper is to investigate and present some of the challenges in achieving effective voluntary demand reduction based on a review of residential demand response literature as well as the general residential energy use behaviour literature. The authors propose the use of a hybrid engineering approach using social psychology and economic behaviour models to overcome these challenges and realize the benefits of supply security and cost management.
__label__0, Given the connection between chronic stress and health, there has been a growing emphasis on identifying chronically stressed wild animals, especially in relation to anthropogenic disturbances. There is considerable confusion, however, in how to identify chronically stressed wild animals, but the most common assumption is that measures of glucocorticoid (GC) function will increase. In an attempt to determine an “endocrine profile” of a chronically stressed wild animal, this review collected papers from the literature that measured baseline GC, stress-induced GC, measures of integrated GC, negative feedback, hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis sensitivity, and/or body weight in chronically stressed animals. The collected studies encompassed laboratory and field studies, numerous diverse species, and multiple techniques for inducing chronic stress. Each paper was ranked according to its relevance to wild animals and scored as to whether the measured response increased, decreased, or stayed the same after exposure to chronic stress. The analyses uncovered so much variation between studies that the literature does not support a generalized endocrine profile in how wild animals respond to chronic stress. The common predictions appear to be based almost entirely on theoretical models rather than empirical data. The three most important variables affecting GC responses were the stressors used to induce chronic stress, the potential for those stressors to induce habituation, and the taxon of the focal species. The best approach for identifying a chronically stressed population appears to be documentation of changes at multiple levels of GC regulation, but the direction of the change (increase or decrease) may be relatively unimportant compared to the fact that the response changes at all. The conclusion is that a consistent, predictable, endocrine response to chronic stress, regardless of the protocol used to induce chronic stress and the species under study, does not exist.
__label__0, An accurate surface reconstruction method is important to fluorescence molecular tomography (FMT) for it provides boundary information of the domain occupied by the image object which is essential to modeling light propagation in free space and inside the object. In this paper, a method based on cross-beam edge back projection (CEBP) is proposed to achieve fast and three-dimensional (3D) surface reconstruction for FMT. This method consists of a cost effective and easy-to-implement setup; it back-projects the edge of an image object of all projection angles along the actual light propagation path to perform 3D surface reconstruction. Simulation studies and experiments were performed to compare the reconstruction accuracy and computational cost of the CEBP based method and the conventional radon transform (RT) based method. Results demonstrate that the CEBP based method significantly accelerates surface reconstruction compared with the RT based method while keeping similar accuracy.
__label__0, Let C k denote a cycle of length k , and let S k denote a star with k edges. For graphs F , G , and H , a ( G , H ) - d e c o m p o s i t i o n of F is a decomposition of F into copies of G and H using at least one of each. In this paper, necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a ( C k , S k ) -decomposition of the complete bipartite graph with a 1-factor removed are given.
__label__0, Lipid oxidation products are ubiquitous in foods, although much variation exists in the levels present. Although these levels are generally low, the problem of lipid oxidation severely compromises the quality of some foods and limits the shelf-life of others. Lipid oxidation represents a key barrier in the development of new food products and processes, especially convenience items and processes required to manufacture them. Deleterious changes in foods caused by lipid oxidation include loss of flavour, development of off-flavours, loss of colour, nutrient value and functionality, and the accumulation of compounds which may be detrimental to the health of consumers. All foods that contain lipids are susceptible to oxidation but especially affected are foods which are dehydrated, subjected to high temperatures or cooked and subsequently stored, e.g. dehydrated eggs, cheeses and meats, foods fried in frying oils, and cooked (uncured) meats. Specific examples of compounds which are of health concern include lipid peroxides and the free radicals involved in their formation and propagation, malonaldehyde, and several cholesterol oxidation products. Coronary artery disease (CAD) may be in part caused by the consumption of lipid oxidation products.
__label__0, To observe the therapeutic effect of lumbar tender point deep tissue massage plus lumbar traction on chronic non-specific low back pain using change in pressure pain threshold, muscle hardness and pain intensity as indices.
__label__0, Ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is increasingly used in daily practice when treating depression despite doubts about its efficacy compared to standard techniques.
__label__0, The aquaculture industry has made substantial progress in reducing the fishmeal content of feeds for carnivorous species, driven by demand for improved sustainability and reduced cost. Soybean protein concentrate (SPC) is an attractive replacement for fishmeal, but intestinal disorders have been reported in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) fed these diets at high seawater temperatures, with preliminary evidence suggesting SPC induces these disorders by altering the intestinal microbiota. We compared the intestinal microbiota of marine-farmed S. salar fed experimental diets with varying levels of SPC in mid- and late-summer. Terminal restriction fragment length polymorphism (T-RFLP) and 16S rRNA clone library analysis revealed the microbiota adherent to the intestinal tract of salmon is complex at the population level, but simple and highly variable at the individual level. Temporal changes were observed with the bacterial diversity increasing in the intestinal tract in late summer. A Verrucomicrobia was the most frequently observed ribotype in early summer, whilst an Aliivibrio was the most frequently observed ribotype in late summer. Feeding SPC to salmon increased the bacterial diversity of the intestinal tract and resulted in the presence of bacteria not normally associated with marine fish (Escherichia and Propionibacterium). These diet-induced changes to the intestinal-microbiome could be ameliorated by inclusion of a prebiotic (mannan-oligosaccharide or MOS) to the diet. None of the experimental diets induced inflammation of the intestine as assessed by histopathology and expression of inflammatory cytokines. Our results support the “dysbiosis” hypothesis that SPC adversely affects the intestinal microbiota of Atlantic salmon.
__label__0, In the Internet of Things (IoT), resource-constrained things are connected to the unreliable and untrusted Internet via IPv6 and 6LoWPAN networks. Even when they are secured with encryption and authentication, these things are exposed both to wireless attacks from inside the 6LoWPAN network and from the Internet. Since these attacks may succeed, Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) are necessary. Currently, there are no IDSs that meet the requirements of the IPv6-connected IoT since the available approaches are either customized for Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) or for the conventional Internet.
__label__0, The main objective of remote substations is to provide the central system with sensitive information from critical infrastructures, such as generation, distribution or transmission power systems. Wireless sensor networks have been recently applied in this particular context due to their attractive services and inherent benefits, such as simplicity, reliability and cost savings. However, as the number of control and data acquisition systems that use the Internet infrastructure to connect to substations increases, it is necessary to consider what connectivity model the sensor infrastructure should follow: either completely isolated from the Internet or integrated with it as part of the Internet of Things paradigm. This paper therefore addresses this question by providing a thorough analysis of both security requirements and infrastructural requirements corresponding to all those TCP/IP integration strategies that can be applicable to networks with constrained computational resources.
__label__0, Nano-graphite was mixed in Nano-diamond powder and cellulose or other organic vehicles to fabricate paste for screen-printed film. Through special thermal-sintering technique and post-treatment process, Nano-diamond emission tip was sharp and distributed uniformly over the surface. A pressure sensor based on Nano-diamond film was designed and simulated. According to Fowelr Nordheim equation, the physics model was established. Under the fixed voltage U which arrived field emission, an additional force dF acted the anode metal of sensor resulted in the micro-deformation decreasing dS between anode cathode, the E increased refer to formula E = U/S, and resulted in the emission current density's micro-deformation increasing dJ. The differ-mold scale magnifying circuit magnified the interacted information. Result of MATLAB simulation indicated that the change of dJ/dS with dF/dS was linear. The result satisfied the stability requirement of sensor.
__label__0, We have constructed a dc-coupled differential amplifier capable of operating in the 4.2 K–300 K temperature range. The amplifier can be operated at high-bias setting, where it dissipates 5 mW, has noise temperature TN ≈ 0.7 K at RS ≈ 5 kΩ and >40 MHz bandwidth at 4.2 K bath temperature. The bias setting can be adjusted: at our lowest tested setting the amplifier dissipates <100 μW, has noise temperature TN ≈ 2 K at RS ≈ 25 kΩ and >2 MHz bandwidth. The 1/f noise corner frequency is a few times 10 kHz. We foresee the amplifier to have an application in the readout of Superconducting Quantum Interference Devices (SQUIDs), Superconducting Tunnel Junction Detectors (STJs) and Transition Edge Sensors (TESes). We have verified the practical use of the amplifier by reading out a 4.2 K 480-SQUID array with 40 MHz bandwidth and <8 × 10−8 Φ0/Hz1/2 flux noise.
__label__0, ZKCM is a C++ library developed for the purpose of multiprecision matrix computation, on the basis of the GNU MP and MPFR libraries. It provides an easy-to-use syntax and convenient functions for matrix manipulations including those often used in numerical simulations in quantum physics. Its extension library, ZKCM_QC, is developed for simulating quantum computing using the time-dependent matrix-product-state simulation method. This paper gives an introduction about the libraries with practical sample programs.
__label__0, Kinetic studies of CO2 reforming of methane over a highly active Ni/La/α-Al2O3 catalyst were performed in an atmospheric microcatalytic fixed-bed reactor. The reaction temperature was varied between 700 and 900 °C, while partial pressures of CO2 and CH4 ranged from 16 to 40 kPa. From these measurements kinetic parameters were determined; the activation energy amounted to 90 kJ/mol. The rate of CO2 reforming was described by applying a Langmuir−Hinshelwood rate equation. The developed kinetics was interpreted with a two-phase model of a fluidized bed. The predictions for a bubbling-bed reactor operated with an undiluted feed (CH4:CO2 = 1:1) at 800 °C showed that, on an industrial scale, significantly longer contact times (Hmf = 7.8 m, mcat/VSTP = 31.8 g·s·mL-1) are necessary for achieving thermodynamic equilibrium (XCH4 = 88.2%, XCO2 = 93.6%). The performance of the reactor was strongly influenced by the interphase gas exchange:  the highest space time yields were obtained for small particles (dp = 80 μm).
__label__0, Pulsed light (PL) was tested for its efficacy to reduce Listeria monocytogenes and Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium on the surface of two ready-to-eat (RTE) dry cured meat products (salchichón and loin). Maximum log reductions between 1.5 and 1.8 cfu/cm2 were obtained for both microorganisms when a fluence of 11.9 J/cm2 was applied. Slight and particular differences in the instrumental color parameters were observed due to the treatment in both products, although no changes in the sensory analysis were detected either immediately after treatment or during 30 days storage in salchichón. Panelists perceived some changes in the sensory quality of loin immediately after treatment, but these differences disappeared along storage. PL could be considered a useful alternative to other non-thermal techniques for increasing the safety of RTE dry cured meat products.
__label__0, The epithelial–mesenchymal transition (EMT) plays a fundamental role in the early stages of breast cancer invasion. Snail, a zinc finger transcriptional repressor, is an important regulator of EMT. Snail is phosphorylated by GSK3β and is subsequently degraded by βTrCP-mediated ubiquitination. We identified an additional kinase, DYRK2, that regulates Snail stability. Knockdown of DYRK2 promoted EMT and cancer invasion in vitro and in vivo. Consistent with these results, DYRK2 was found to be down-regulated in human breast cancer tissue. Patients with low DYRK2-expressing tumors had a worse outcome than those with high DYRK2-expressing tumors. These findings revealed that DYRK2 regulates cancer invasion and metastasis by degrading Snail.
__label__0, In this paper, we develop a class of periodic discrete spline interpolates in one and two independent variables. Explicit error bounds are further derived for the periodic quintic and biquintic discrete spline interpolates. We also present some numerical examples to illustrate the results obtained.
__label__0, Electrically conducting polypyrrole, doped by iron(III) chloride, has been prepared by a dry, chemical vapour deposition (CVD) technique. The results of a variety of preliminary physical and chemical characterization studies indicate that CVD-prepared polypyrrole is very similar to that prepared by conventional wet (electro-)chemical techniques.
__label__0, In many plants, the secondary metabolite cis-jasmone activates the metabolic pathway that produces volatile organic compounds attractive to natural enemies and, sometimes, repellent to herbivores. Previous studies indicate that the feeding damage caused by the herbivore Euschistus heros or the exogenous application of cis-jasmone in soybean plants induces the release of herbivore-induced plant volatiles (HIPVs) with a similar chemical profile and these compounds can attract the stink bug egg parasitoid Telenomus podisi (Scelionidae). Herein we tested in field conditions the effect of exogenous application of cis-jasmone in soybean plants on the parasitoid and stink bug community and on stink bug egg parasitism. In two areas, one within a soybean and another within a Crotalaria matrix, we randomly distributed 2 m2 plots, with soybean plants induced (treatment, n = 5) or not induced by cis-jasmone (control, n = 5) in the field. We sampled the parasitoid community weekly with yellow sticky traps (n = 3/plot) and monitored parasitism with sentinel eggs of E. heros (n = 150/plot). We also monitored the population of stink bugs weekly, by sampling each plot with shake-cloth technique. The abundance of Scelionidae was highest overall and also in treated plots during the first four weeks in the area with a soybean matrix, but decreased thereafter. The richness of parasitoid families was similar between treatment and control plots in the area with a soybean matrix, but higher in control plots in the area with a Crotalaria matrix. Evenness was higher in control plots in the area with soybean matrix, whereas the reverse occurred in the area with a Crotalaria matrix. Results suggest that treatment with cis-jasmone effectively attracted and enhanced the population of scelionid parasitoids, but had no effect on the occurrence and intensity of parasitism and in the number of stink bugs.
__label__0, A novel cyclic tetrapeptide containing l-arginine-glycine-l-aspartic acid-l-phenylglycine (cyclo-RGDPhg) was synthesized and found to be a potent inhibitor of platelet aggregation induced by highly metastatic murine squamous cell carcinoma (SCCVII) cells (IC50 = 3.3 μM) as well as ADP (1.5 μM). This cyclic peptide, however, showed similar or less inhibitory activities on adhesion of SCCVII cells to fibronectin, vitronectin and type IV collagen as compared with those of parent linear tetrapeptide, RGDS. These results show that cyclo-RGDPhg peptide is a highly specific antagonist for on platelets. Moreover, this peptide failed to suppress pulmonary metastasis of SCCVII cells in an experimental metastasis model. These results indicate that RGD peptide-mediated inhibition of tumor metastasis is attributed to the suppression of cell adhesion but not platelet aggregation. These also suggest that platelet aggregation is not an essential step during blood circulation of tumor cells for the completion of metastasis.
__label__0, This study isolated phenolic-rich extracts from strawberry (ES) and mulberry (EM) fruit juice using 70% ethanol, analyzed the individual phenolics including four flavonoid components using HPLC and assessed their cytokine secretion regulatory activities using murine primary splenocytes and peritoneal macrophages. The results showed that EM was rich in p-coumaric acid (20798 ± 719 μg/g dry weight), rutin (1992 ± 26 μg/g dry weight) and quercetin (81 ± 5 μg/g dry weight), but ES was relatively rich in p-coumaric acid (7475 ± 1219 μg/g dry weight), morin (101 ± 68 μg/g dry weight) and quercetin (72 ± 42 μg/g dry weight). ES and EM administration significantly decreased splenocytes' (IFN-γ + IL-2 + IL-12)/IL-10 (Th1/Th2) cytokine secretion ratios in the absence or presence of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and TNF-α/IL-10 (pro-/anti-inflammatory) cytokine secretion ratios in the presence of LPS in dose-dependent manners. Our results suggest that ES and EM that are rich in p-coumaric acid, rutin, morin or quercetin, may have strong immunomodulatory effects on splenocytes, via decreasing Th1/Th2 and pro-/anti-inflammatory cytokine secretion ratios.
__label__0, The modes of reproduction undoubtedly represent one of the most critical life-history traits because they profoundly affect fitness and survival. The parent–offspring conflict over the degree of parental investment may be the main selective factor in the evolution of reproduction. Although the modes of sexual reproduction are remarkably diversified in animals, the traditional typology spanning three classes does not seem to be adequate to clarify the level of parental investment. Thus, lecithotrophy does not provide any information on the retention of the zygotes inside the parent's body and matrotrophy only indicates that nutrients are provided by mother but does not make any distinction between various types of maternal care. I here present a scientific typology of the reproductive modes comprising five classes: ovuliparity, oviparity, ovo-viviparity, histotrophic viviparity and hemotrophic viviparity. Based on the development stage of the zygote and on its interrelation with the parent, my classification details the degree of contrivances by which animals provide alternative parental investment in their offspring. Hence, this typology possesses a great heuristic value, both in reproduction and evolutionary biology. These different modes of reproduction do represent a sequence, with ovuliparity being the most primitive and hemotrophic viviparity the most advanced mode. Lastly, the comparative analysis of different reproductive modes in vertebrates suggests that climatic conditions (cold) could be one of the strongest selection pressures for extending egg retention and the establishment of viviparity.
__label__0, Radio Frequency Identification RFID is a non-contact automatic identification technology, which signals through radio frequency automatic identification and access to relevant target data, no need for manual intervention to identify job can work in a variety of harsh environment. Because the logistics in the production control flow with information not to match, more and more can not satisfy a realistic and future demand. Internet of Things overcome traditional the blemish of the form code, be subjected to international logistics field and international community business enterprise biggest concern and research.
__label__0, Small-amplitude oscillatory shear tests were used to determine the rheological properties of a copper acetate-doped resorcinol–formaldehyde mixture at between 30 and 40 °C. The apparent activation energy of the sol–gel transition was 76.6 ± 0.6 kJ/mol. Organic gel microspheres were only obtained when the sol was emulsified immediately before the gelation point and not at the gelation point itself, due to the fast gelation kinetics of the copper acetate-doped resorcinol–formaldehyde mixture. The microspherical shape was preserved after carbonization. Cu-doped carbon xerogel microspheres were steam-activated at 840 °C. All samples comprised isolated well-formed microspheres, whose size increased with higher degree of activation. The surface area and porosity varied with the activation degree. Copper was detected as CuO, which acted as gasification catalyst during activation, and its size increased with higher activation degree. Electrochemical measurements were conducted with a three-electrode cell in 1 M H2SO4. A very large volumetric capacitance, 146 F/cm3, was found for the 30%-activated Cu-doped activated carbon xerogel, attributable to the high particle density resulting from the very compact packing of the microspheres. This sample also showed the lowest equivalent series resistance, due to its pore texture and high surface Cu content.
__label__0, In April 2011, two hundred and eighty residents who were suffering from intellectual disabilities and their eighty caregivers at nine facilities in Fukushima were evacuated and moved to Chiba, Japan after the Great East Japan Earthquake. We investigated the impact of the evacuation after the earthquake on the caregiver burden.
__label__0, Radiative opacity is a key parameter to understanding the transport of energy in high energy density plasmas. Many calculations of opacity apply approximations that do not fully resolve the true line structure of the frequency dependent absorption spectrum and the accuracy of such results is uncertain for simulations containing many complex ions. The DAVROS opacity code has been developed to perform Detailed Term Accounting (DTA) calculations with the aim of resolving the fine structure resulting from the myriad line transitions due to arbitrarily complex atomic configurations. By making use of High Performance Computing (HPC), such calculations, whilst not yet routine, are now more feasible. Some illustrative results from DAVROS are presented and comparisons made with experiment data.
__label__0, In 2010, French legislation for the diagnosis of the infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) has changed with the publication of two decrees in May and November. Simple rapid tests for diagnosis orientation (SRTs) can now be used in a context of emergency but also for the purpose of expanding the offer of screening outside of a laboratory of medical biology (establishment and health services, medical office of city structure prevention or associative). The main advantages of HIV SRTs are: implementation on the ground closer to people, speed, simplicity of use, storage at room temperature, HIV-1/HIV-2 differentiation for some. However, they have a number of disadvantages: analytical performance (sensitivity and specificity) lower than those obtained using Elisa combined tests, subjectivity of reading, lack of traceability, HIV screening only, variability of production controls and distribution, high cost. The objectives of this review are to present the legislative framework for the use of HIV SRTs in France, their performance, advantages and disadvantages.
__label__0, The reaction between methionine and S-RNA of Escherichia coli has been investigated. It has been demonstrated that, after the initial attachment to its specific S-RNA, the free α-amino group of the attached methionine may become formylated.
__label__0, 1. 1. Haemolymph pH, osmolality, and potassium and sodium concentrations were determined in sub-adult blue shrimps (Penaeus stylirostris). 2. 2. The pH and concentration of sodium are not modified according to the size of sub-adult P. stylirostris. The mean for pH was 7.3, and for sodium concentration was 450 mEq/1. 3. 3. The haemolymph osmolality and the potassium concentration showed significant differences according to size. 4. 4. The smaller shrimps are better osmoregulators. 5. 5. Potassium has an important role in osmolality maintenance.
__label__0, This study sought to compare use of evidence-based secondary preventive medications after coronary bypass surgery (CABG) and percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
__label__0, Lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) is a major food crop within the European Union. The objective of this study was to test the potential nutritional quality of three types of lettuce consumed as salads: Lactuca sativa L. var. longifolia (commonly named Cogollos de Tudela) and two cultivars of Lactuca sativa L. var. capitata (Batavia Rubia Munguía and Maravilla de Verano). Distribution of sugars, proteins, minerals and antioxidant compounds (carotenoids, chlorophylls, phenolics, anthocyanins and ascorbate) between outer and inner leaves was tested. The potential benefits of each variety or cultivar were due to different compounds accumulated in leaves. Cogollos de Tudela showed higher levels of Mg and Ca in both external and internal leaves, and greater concentrations of Mn, chlorophylls and carotenoids in inner leaves than lettuces belonging to the var. capitata. Batavia Rubia Munguía had low quantity of Na and an important amount of K, Mg, Ca, Fe and Zn in outer leaves and it was the cultivar that accumulated the highest quantity of water in both outer and inner leaves. Maravilla de Verano showed the greatest contents of anthocyanins and ascorbate in external leaves. In the three cultivars some of the potentially beneficial compounds appeared in higher levels in the outer than in the inner leaves. Therefore, the complete elimination of the external leaves should be reconsidered when lettuces are consumed as salads or used as food crop for the ‘Fourth Range’ of vegetables.
__label__0, Isobaric vapor–liquid equilibrium (VLE) data for methanol and acetonitrile system was measured at 101.3 kPa by using equilibrium still. The results show that methanol and acetonitrile system can form a minimum temperature azeotrope. Thermodynamic consistency of the experimental data was confirmed by means of Herington semi-empirical method. The experimental values obtained were correlated by using the Margules, Van Laar, Wilson and NRTL activity-coefficient models, respectively. The binary interaction parameters of the activity-coefficient models were determined. The average absolute deviation in boiling point and vapor-phase composition were determined by comparing the experimental values with those calculated by the activity-coefficient models. The calculated maximum average absolute deviations were 0.25 K and 0.0056 for the boiling point and vapor-phase composition, respectively. Therefore, it was shown that the four activity-coefficient models used satisfactorily correlate the experimental results of methanol and acetonitrile system.
__label__0, Despite the considerable progress made in recent years, the computation of the complete set of elementary flux modes of large or even genome-scale metabolic networks is still impossible. We present regEfmtool which is an extension to efmtool that utilizes transcriptional regulatory networks for the computation of elementary flux modes. The implemented extension significantly decreases the computational costs for the calculation of elementary flux modes, such as runtime, memory usage and disk space by omitting biologically infeasible solutions. Hence, using the presented regEfmtool pushes the size of metabolic networks that can be studied by elementary flux modes to new limits.
__label__0, Dans le domaine cardio-vasculaire, l’échographie tridimensionnelle est en train de s’imposer comme une nouvelle modalité de l’échographie essentiellement depuis l’avènement de l’imagerie en temps réel. L’imagerie de rendu volumique permet une meilleure identification et localisation des structures anatomiques et améliore notre compréhension de nombreuses pathologies. Les trois principales applications émergentes sont représentées par l’étude des valvulopathies mitrales, des cardiopathies congénitales et par les mesures de volume, masse et fraction d’éjection du ventricule gauche. L’imagerie vasculaire tridimensionnelle est à la phase toute initiale de son développement, elle apparaît cependant prometteuse sur le plan clinique. L’avenir de l’échographie tridimensionnelle passe par une intégration de l’ensemble des modalités antérieures de l’échocardiographie à l’imagerie tridimensionnelle qui doit s’améliorer en termes de résolution ainsi que par la mise au point de sondes tridimensionnelles en temps réel pour l’exploration par voie trans-oesophagienne et pour l’exploration vasculaire.
__label__0, Fifty years after the Replicon Theory was originally presented, detailed mechanistic insight into prokaryotic replicons has been obtained and rapid progress is being made to elucidate the more complex regulatory mechanisms of replicon regulation in eukaryotic cells. Here, I present my personal perspectives on how studies of model replicons have contributed to our understanding of the basic mechanisms of DNA replication as well as the evolution of replication regulation in human cells. I will also discuss how replication regulation contributes to the stable maintenance of the genome and how disruption of replication regulation leads to human diseases.
__label__0, Using angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy (ARPES), we investigate the electronic structure of Cu-doped topological insulator Bi2Te3 on Si(111) substrate prepared by molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) to clarify the doping nature of Cu atoms in the films. By systematic studying the structural and electronic properties of the Cu-doped Bi2Te3 films by different doping methods, we find that Cu acts as electron donors when deposited onto the surface of Bi2Te3 films while behave as holes when doped in the process of Bi2Te3 thin film growth. The model of the formation of Cu+, five/seven layer lamella structures and Cu2 −xTe is proposed to explain the different doping mechanisms. The robustness of topological surface states and insensitivity to non-magnetic impurities is indicated.
__label__0, Preventing hyperglycemia after acute stroke attenuates complications of cerebral ischemia and reduces the risk of mortality. We investigated whether regular exercise prevents neuronal cell death and post-stroke hyperglycemia in gerbils after cerebral ischemia.
__label__0, The importance of soy products in reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease is well documented. Our previous computation study has indicated the presence of several potent ACE inhibitory peptides within soybean proteins which needs to be identified. The aim of the study was to identify ACE inhibitory peptides from soy proteins using LC–MS/MS coupled with quantitative structure–activity relationship (QSAR) model. Soybean protein hydrolysate digested by thermolysin showed an IC50 value of 53.6 μg/mL, decreased slightly to 51.8 μg/mL after adding pepsin, and increased to 115.6 μg/mL after adding trypsin. A total of 34 peptides were characterised from LC–MS/MS. Five novel tripeptides, IVF, LLF, LNF, LSW and LEF, with predicted IC50 values lower than 10 μM were synthesized and validated. The results showed that soybean is an excellent source of ACE inhibitory peptides.
__label__0, The urge to eat is the main apparent issue underlying obesity. Although vast information regarding the physiology and psychology of eating behavior has been accumulated, a comprehensive concept is still missing. The model presented suggests that feeding behavior is ultimately controlled by the rate of work performed in the muscle or in an as yet unidentified compartment. It suggests a novel approach of a dynamic set-point weight and explains why diets usually fail to resolve the disorder while physical activity is beneficial in losing excess weight. Obesity is presented as a syndrome of high efficiency of energy conversion resulting in a variety of symptoms of which over-weight is only the more apparent. Other symptoms manifested in the predisposition to a variety of illnesses constitute the main health problem and can prevail in the obese subject even without the excess weight. Therefore, resolution of the disorder requires developing approaches which directly affect the efficiency of energy conversion.
__label__0, This paper reports polymer solar cells with a 7% power conversion efficiency (PCE) based on bulk heterojunction (BHJ) composites of the alternating co-polymer, poly[N-9′′-hepta-decanyl-2,7-carbazole-alt-5,5-(4′,7′-di-2-thienyl-2′,1′,3′-benzothiadiazole) (PCDTBT), and the fullerene derivative [6,6]-phenyl C71-butyric acid methyl ester (PC71BM). As confirmed by transmission electron microscopy, solvent–vapor annealing (SVA) of the thin (70 nm) BHJ photoactive layer by exposure to chloroform vapor, for a short period of time (30 s) after deposition, leads to reconstructed nanoscale morphology of donor/acceptor domains, well-dispersed fullerene phase and effective photo-absorption of BHJ. Consequently, SVA-reconstructed devices with a PCDTBT:PC71BM blend ratio of 1:5 (wt%) exhibit ∼50% improvement in PCE, with short-circuit current Jsc = 15.65 mA/cm2, open-circuit voltage Voc = 0.87 V, and PCE = 7.03%, in comparison to those of the 1:4 (wt%) blends with SVA treatment.
__label__0, We examine the effect of surface energy on an anisotropic elastic material weakened by an elliptical hole. A closed-form, full-field solution is derived using the standard Stroh formalism. In particular, explicit expressions for the hoop stress, normal, in-plane tangential and out-of-plane displacement components along the edge of the hole are obtained. These expressions clearly demonstrate the effect of elastic anisotropy of the bulk material on the corresponding field variables. When the material becomes isotropic, the hoop stress agrees with the well-known result in the literature while both the in-plane tangential and out-of-plane displacements vanish and the normal displacement is constant along the entire boundary of the elliptical hole.
__label__0, Solvent additives have been explored as a reliable way to control the morphology in bulk-heterojunction (BHJ) layers for improved device performance. We show that the choice of solvent additives has direct implications on morphological evolution, i.e. poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT): [6,6]-phenyl C61-butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM) BHJ films processed with a small amount of 1,8-diiodooctane or 1-chloronaphthalene have more crystalline PCBM domains compared to crystalline P3HT domains, while the opposite is true for films cast with nitrobenzene additive and films cast purely from chlorobenzene. The BHJ film cross-links when annealed at 300 °C in the presence of 1,8-diiodooctane. Cross-linking is found to occur even in pristine P3HT and PCBM films annealed under similar conditions. NMR spectroscopy is presented as a viable technique for quantitative analysis of the amount of solvents left in the BHJ films before and after heat treatment. Despite differences in the ways the additives affect the morphology of the BHJ layer, device performance remained stable over 300 h for all additives tested.
__label__0, A comparative longitudinal study was conducted during the last trimester of pregnancy for the surveillance of the serum calcium, copper, magnesium, zinc and hemoglobin in urban and rural population. It was observed that serum calcium, zinc, magnesium and hemoglobin decreased whereas copper increased significantly (P<0.05) with gestational age. Except copper, there was a non significant difference between urban and rural samples with regard to the various hematological parameter studied.
__label__0, The simultaneously developing unsteady laminar fluid flow and heat transfer inside a two dimensional wavy microchannel, due to sinusoidally varying velocity component at inlet has been numerically investigated. The flow was both thermally and hydrodynamically developing while the channel walls were kept at a uniform temperature. The transient solution of two-dimensional Navier-Stokes equation was obtained using the SIMPLE algorithm with the momentum interpolation technique of Rhie and Chow. The simulation was performed in the laminar regime for Prandtl number 7 and Reynolds number ranging from 0.1 to 100. Based on the comparison with steady flow in wavy channel it was found that imposed sinusoidal velocity at inlet can provide improved heat transfer performance at different amplitude (0.2, 0.5, 0.8) and frequency (1, 5, 10).
__label__0, The occurrence of structural gradients and zonation of mangrove species associated with gradients of tidal flooding frequency is described by several authors. However, the statistical evidence of these patterns remains poorly studied. In this study, these patterns are tested for the mangrove forests of Guaratiba (Southeast-Brazil). Seventy plots, classified according to physiographic type (fringe-21; basin-31; and transition-18), were analyzed. Applying the Kruskal–Wallis ANOVA test (p < 0.005), the plots were evaluated for structural development (density, mean D130, mean height and basal area), architecture (trunks/tree ratio) and species composition (% basal area). The dependence of density on mean D130 was also tested for each physiographic type through regression analysis. The comparison of physiographic types in relation to species composition revealed that fringe forests are dominated by Avicennia schaueriana and basin and transition forests are similarly dominated by Rhizophora mangle and A. schaueriana. The occurrence of Laguncularia racemosa is significantly lower and concentrated in areas with greater freshwater input. The analysis of structural development confirmed the expected trend of increased size (diameter, height and basal area) and reduced density along the transition-basin-fringe gradient. We also observed a reduction in density variability along the same gradient. This reduction can be explained by increased environmental stability and reveals the existence of structural variability within physiographic types. Regression analysis showed, as expected, an inverse relationship between density and mean D130, which reflects the effect of competition on the structure of the fringe (R2 = 0.90, p < 0.001) and basin forests (R2 = 0.83, p < 0.001), but not for the transition stands (R2 = 0.02, p = 0.63). Fringe and basin forests has similar regression coefficients (t = 0.162, p > 0.001) but fringe forests have higher structural development, what can be considered as evidence that they are in a more advanced successional stage than basin forests. In contrast, the absence of a relationship between density and mean D130 in the transition forests may be an indication that the transition forests are in a colonization phase, where the effect of competition does not yet regulate trunk density.
__label__0, We report the results of in situ investigation of the structural evolution and crystallization behavior of Ni-based bulk metallic glass. The X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy, nanobeam diffraction, differential scanning calorimetry, radial distribution function and scanning tunneling microscopy (STM)/spectroscopy techniques were applied to analyze the structure and electronic properties of Ni63.5Nb36.5 glasses before and after crystallization. According to our STM measurements, the primary crystallization originally starts with the Ni3Nb phase formation as a leading eutectic phase. It was shown that surface crystallization differs drastically from bulk crystallization due to the possible surface reconstruction. The mechanism of Ni63.5Nb36.5 glass alloy two-dimensional crystallization was suggested, which corresponds to the local metastable (3 × 3) −  Ni(1 1 1) surface phase formation. The possibility of different surface nanostructures developing by annealment of the originally glassy alloy in an ultrahigh vacuum at a temperature lower than the bulk crystallization temperature was shown. The increase of the mean square surface roughness parameter Rq while transforming from a glassy to a fully crystallized state can be caused by concurrent growth of Ni3Nb and Ni6Nb7 bulk phases. The simple empirical model for the estimation of Ni63.5Nb36.5 cluster size was suggested, and the value obtained (about 8 Å) is in good agreement with the corresponding STM measurements (8–10 Å).
__label__0, Gluconeogenesis from lactate and pyruvate and associated parameters were investigated in the bivascularly and hemoglobin-free perfused rat liver. The substrates were infused either via the portal vien (anterograd perfusion mode), via the hepatice vein (retrograde mode) or via the hepatic artery (anterograde and retrograde modes). The rates of lactate and pyruvate infusion were 10.3 and 3.5 ωmol min−1 g−1, respectively. The metabolic rates measured when the substrates were infused into the hepatic artery were referred to the cellular spaces accessible in each perfusion mode. The following results were obtained when the substrates were infused into the hepatic artery: (1) gluconeogenesis from lactate was equal to 2.08 ± 0.2 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the retrograde mode and 1.33 ± 0.08 ωmol min− ml− in the anterograde mode (P = 0.019); (2) gluconeogenesis from pyruvate was equal to 0.66 ± 0.11 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the retrograde mode and 0.7 ± 0.11 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the anterograde mode (P = 0.75); (3) oxygen uptake increase with lactate was 1.75 ± 0.14 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the retrograde mode and 1.05 ± 0.07 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the anterograde mode (P = 0.002); (4) oxygen uptake increase with pyruvate was equal to 0.59 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the retrograde mode and 0.53 ± 0.05 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the anterograde mode (P = 0.75); ()5) pyruvate production from lactate was 0.28 ± 0.06 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the retrograde mode and 0.39 ± 0.05 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the anterograde monde (P = 0.28); (6) lactate production from pyruvate was equal to 0.52 ± 0.05 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the retrograde mode and 0.99 ± 0.08 ωmol min−1 ml−1 in the anterograde mode (P < 0.001). Since only periportal cells are supplied with substrates when they are infused via the hepatic artery in retrograde perfusion, these results allow the conclusion that gluconeogenesis from lactate predominates in periportal hepatocytes. When pyruvate in the sole substrate, however, gluconeogenesis in periportal and perivenous cells presents no differences.
__label__0, In the present work the dynamical behavior of π - electronic spin in graphene is investigated. The π - electron is under the influence of a normal uniform magnetic field and the Rashba spin–orbit coupling. Introducing a Casimir operator, we show that the governing Hamiltonian and, consequently, the time-evolution matrix is block-diagonal. We then proceed to calculate the temporal behavior of different spin components, when it is initially in-plane polarized. Our calculations show that the spin is dynamically polarized in a plane normal to the graphene sheet and follows the patterns of collapse-revivals. The dependence of amplitudes as well as the collapse-revivals’ periods on the external field and the Rashba spin–orbit coupling is also reported.
__label__0, We deposited hydroxyapatite (HAp) thin films on Si(1 0 0) substrates by means of electron cyclotron resonance (ECR) plasma sputtering from a HAp target and characterized their structural properties by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and Fourier transform infrared absorption spectroscopy. Deposition in the presence of an H2O vapor at room temperature incorporated H2O and OH species in the deposited films. Post-annealing in an O2 ambient self-organized OH− and PO43− functional groups in HAp crystals. The XRD patterns revealed randomly orientation when the annealing temperature ranged between 700 and 900 °C. In contrast, preferentially c-axis-oriented HAp crystals nucleated after prolonged annealing at 550–600 °C. The possible scenario for the preferred orientation is that C-plane terminated HAp crystallites were initially created in the near-surface region, and the following crystallization proceeded exclusively on the seed surface. After post annealing in a vacuum or in an Ar gas ambient at 900 °C, films were reduced into tricalcium phosphate, increasing photoabsorption in the infrared range.
__label__0, Protein kinase B (AKT) and glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta (GSK3β) are two protein kinases involved in dopaminergic signaling. Dopamine-associated neuropsychiatric illnesses such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder seem to be characterized by impairments in the AKT/GSK3β network. Here, we sought evidence for the presence of molecular and functional changes in the AKT/GSK3β pathway using an established infection-based mouse model of developmental neuropsychiatric disease that is based on prenatal administration of the viral mimetic poly(I:C) (=polyriboinosinic–polyribocytidilic acid). We found that adult offspring of poly(I:C)-exposed mothers displayed decreased total levels of AKT protein and reduced phosphorylation at AKT threonine residues in the medial prefrontal cortex. Prenatally immune challenged offspring also exhibited increased GSK3β protein expression and activation status, the latter of which was evidenced by a decrease in the ratio between phosphorylated and total GSK3β protein in the medial prefrontal cortex. These molecular changes were not associated with overt signs of inflammatory processes in the adult brain. We further found that acute pre-treatment with the selective GSK3β inhibitor TDZD-8 dose-dependently normalized aberrant behavior typically emerging following prenatal immune activation, including deficient spontaneous alternation in the Y-maze and increased locomotor responses to systemic amphetamine treatment. Taken together, the present mouse model demonstrates that prenatal exposure to viral-like immune activation leads to long-term alterations in GSK3β signaling, some of which are critically implicated in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
__label__0, This review highlights the functionalization chemistry of graphene with polymers by both covalent and non-covalent approaches. Due to the strong cohesive interactions graphene platelets agglomerate, causing difficulty to attain its optimum properties. The covalent functionalization is illuminated both from ‘grafting to’ and ‘grafting from’ techniques discussing the merits and demerits of the processes. The controlled free radical polymerization techniques used for this purpose e.g. ATRP, SET–LRP and RAFT etc. are discussed along with the conventional free radical polymerization. We have also noted the various approaches used in non-covalent functionalization e.g. π–π, H-bonding and hydrophobic interactions. These functionalized graphenes show good and stable dispersion facilitating composite formation with commodity plastics enhancing it's mechanical, thermal and conductivity properties. The optoelectronic properties of these functionalized graphene are interesting to fabricate sensors, photovoltaics, supercapacitors etc. A short account of the properties of these modified graphenes is also embodied with an emphasis on different area where future developments are expected.
__label__0, An amperometric oxygen sensor based on a polymeric nickel–salen (salen = N,N′-ethylenebis(salicylideneiminato)) film coated platinum electrode was developed. The sensor was constructed by electropolymerization of nickel–salen complex at platinum electrode in acetonitrile/tetrabutylammonium perchlorate by cyclic voltammetry. The voltammetric behavior of the sensor was investigated in 0.5 mol L−1 KCl solution in the absence and presence of molecular oxygen. Thus, with the addition of oxygen to the solution, the increase of cathodic peak current (at −0.25 V vs. saturated calomel electrode (SCE)) of the modified electrode was observed. This result shows that the nickel–salen film on electrode surface promotes the reduction of oxygen. The reaction can be brought about electrochemically, where the nickel(II) complex is first reduced to a nickel(I) complex at the electrode surface. The nickel(I) complex then undergoes a catalytic oxidation by the molecular oxygen in solution back to the nickel(II) complex, which can then be electrochemically re-reduced to produce an enhancement of the cathodic current. The Tafel plot analyses have been used to elucidate the kinetics and mechanism of the oxygen reduction. A plot of the cathodic current vs. the dissolved oxygen concentration for chronoamperometry (fixed potential = −0.25 V vs. SCE) at the sensor was linear in the 3.95–9.20 mg L−1 concentration range and the concentration limit was 0.17 mg L−1 O2. The proposed electrode is useful for the quality control and routine analysis of dissolved oxygen in commercial samples and environmental water. The results obtained for the levels of dissolved oxygen are in agreement with the results obtained with a commercial O2 sensor.
__label__0, Many studies have documented the existence of a close relationship between anger and depression. Furthermore, recent literature has emphasized the role of impaired emotion regulation and anger rumination in depression. The aim of this study was to explore the mediating role of emotion regulation and anger rumination on the relation between anger and major depressive disorder. Eighty-eight patients with major depressive disorder (20 males, 68 females) completed the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Multidimensional Anger Inventory (MAI), the Cognitive Emotion Regulation Questionnaire (CERQ), and the Anger Rumination Scale (ARS). Results illustrated that in clinically depressed people, there are positive relationships between anger, depression, emotion regulation, and anger rumination. Path analysis revealed that emotion regulation and anger rumination played a mediating role on the relation between anger and major depression. Anger was associated with depression via emotion regulation and anger rumination. Findings of the present study suggest that emotion regulation and anger rumination play an important role on the relation between anger and depression. The current study implicates the complicated nature of depression, and emphasizes the understanding and conceptualization of diverse variables that influence depression.
__label__0, Carbon nanotubes (CNTs) are excellent scaffolds for advanced electrode materials, resulting from their intrinsic sp2 carbon hybridization, interconnected electron pathway, large aspect ratio, hierarchical porous structures, and low cost at a large-scale production. How to make full utilization of the mass produced CNTs as building blocks for nanocomposite electrodes is not well understood yet. Herein, a composite cathode containing commercial agglomerated multi-walled CNTs and S for Li-S battery was fabricated by a facile melt-diffusion strategy. The hierarchical CNT@S coaxial nanocables exhibited a discharging capacity of 1020 and 740 mAh ·g–1 at 0.5 and 2.0 C, respectively. A rapid capacity decay of 0.7% per cycle at the initial 10 cycles and a slow decay rate of 0.14% per cycle for the later 140 cycles were detected. Such hierarchical agglomerated CNT@S cathodes show advantages in easy fabrication, environmentally benign, low cost, excellent scalability, and good Li ion storage performance, which are extraordinary composites for high performance Li-S battery.
__label__0, Studies on consequences of affect on cognitive processing (cognitive bias) seem to provide proxy measures of the valence (positive/negative) of affective states. This article presents a pilot study testing a design for studies of judgment bias we adapted to the specific needs and abilities of domestic pigs. We used a spatial judgment paradigm, in which subjects learned to discriminate a food rewarded from an unrewarded position of a goal box during a training period, and then were tested for their responses to 3 equidistant intermediate probe positions during a testing period. After the training period, half of the subjects were repeatedly isolated from their social group to manipulate their affective state. Subjects learned the required discrimination task (positive vs. negative stimulus) and showed consistent differences in approach latencies toward and exploration of stimuli of different valence. Hence, the subjects' expectations could be inferred from their behavior. However, repeated social isolation had no effect on judgment of ambiguous stimuli and on both basal and test-related cortisol levels. In conclusion, the spatial judgment approach seems to provide a useful tool to detect and discriminate diverse affective states in domestic pigs based on their responses to graded ambiguous stimuli.
__label__0, The production of aluminum based coatings on a stainless steel (AISI 304) substrate by side laser cladding, and using a high power diode laser was experimentally studied. Relevant processing parameters were found and correlations between them were determined. Furthermore, the influence of the processing parameters on the costs associated to the process was examined. These relationships can be used as a guideline for the selection of proper processing parameters for laser cladding of this kind of materials.
__label__0, The time-dependent Ginzburg-Landau theory of superconductivity in crystals in motion is formulated. The theory applies to rotating and accelerating superconductors of rigid ionic lattice. Unlike in previous treatments we allow for general non-equilibrium processes in which the velocity of normal electrons differs from the velocity of the ionic lattice. In the equilibrium this theory goes to the theory of Verkin and Kulik.
__label__0, The motivation of the paper is to develop a fully automated data-based technique for damage localization using in-service ambient vibrations. The idea is an extension of the modal filtering technique previously developed for damage detection. A very large network of dynamic strain sensors is deployed on the structure to be monitored and split into several independent local sensor networks. Simple and fast signal processing techniques are coupled to statistical control charts for efficient and fully automated damage localization. The efficiency of the method is demonstrated using time-domain simulated data on a simply supported beam and a three-dimensional bridge structure. The method is able to detect and locate very small damages (2% stiffness reduction in an area corresponding to 1/100th of the length of the structure) even in the presence of noise on the measurements and variability of the baseline structure.
__label__0, The first part of the melanization pathway from l-dopa to dopachrome has been studied as a system of various chemical reactions coupled by an enzymatic reaction. A theoretical and experimental kinetic approach is proposed for such a system. Rate constants for the implicated chemical steps at different pH and temperature values can be evaluated from measurement of the lag period arising from the accumulation of dopachrome that takes place when l-Dopa was oxidized at acid pH. The thermodynamic parameters of the chemical steps, the deprotonation of dopaquinone-H+ into dopaquinone and the internal cyclization of dopaquinone into leukodopachrome, have been obtained. From the results presented, an alternative series of chemical reactions to the Raper-Mason scheme are proposed and discussed.
__label__0, In this paper, a new control scheme, called additive-state-decomposition-based tracking control, is proposed to solve the tracking (rejection) problem for rotational position of the translational oscillator with a rotational actuator (TORA, a nonlinear nonminimum phase system). By the additive state decomposition, the tracking (rejection) task for the considered nonlinear system is decomposed into two independent subtasks: a tracking (rejection) subtask for a linear time invariant (LTI) system, leaving a stabilization subtask for a derived nonlinear system. By the decomposition, the proposed tracking control scheme avoids solving regulation equations and can tackle the tracking (rejection) problem in the presence of any external signal (except for the frequencies at±1) generated by a marginally stable autonomous LTI system. To demonstrate the effectiveness, numerical simulation is given.
__label__0, User profiles play an important role in information retrieval system. In this paper, we propose a novel method for the acquisition of ontology-based user profiles. In the method, the ontology-based user profiles can maintain the representations of personal interest. In addition, user ontologies can be automatically constructed. The method can make user profiles strong expressive and less manually interfered.
__label__0, The accumulation of amyloid-β-containing neuritic plaques and intracellular tau protein tangles are key histopathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease (AD). This type of pathology clearly indicates that the mechanisms of neuronal housekeeping and protein quality control are compromised in AD. There is mounting evidence that the autophagosome-lysosomal degradation is impaired, which could disturb the processing of APP and provoke AD pathology. Beclin 1 is a molecular platform assembling an interactome with stimulating and suppressive components which regulate the initiation of the autophagosome formation. Recent studies have indicated that the expression Beclin 1 is reduced in AD brain. Moreover, the deficiency of Beclin 1 in cultured neurons and transgenic mice provokes the deposition of amyloid-β peptides whereas its overexpression reduces the accumulation of amyloid-β. There are several potential mechanisms, which could inhibit the function of Beclin 1 interactome and thus impair autophagy and promote AD pathology. The mechanisms include (i) reduction of Beclin 1 expression or its increased proteolytic cleavage by caspases, (ii) sequestration of Beclin 1 to non-functional locations, such as tau tangles, (iii) formation of inhibitory complexes between Beclin 1 and antiapoptotic Bcl-2 proteins or inflammasomes, (iv) interaction of Beclin 1 with inhibitory neurovirulent proteins, e.g. herpex simplex ICP34.5, or (v) inhibition of the Beclin 1/Vps34 complex through the activation of CDK1 and CDK5. We will shortly introduce the function of Beclin 1 interactome in autophagy and phagocytosis, review the recent evidence indicating that Beclin 1 regulates autophagy and APP processing in AD, and finally examine the potential mechanisms through which Beclin 1 dysfunction could be involved in the pathogenesis of AD.
__label__0, Restriction enzymes are essential reagents to molecular biologists, but their relevance to bacterial populations is less obvious. Most bacteria encode restriction and modification systems and these are commonly considered to be a barrier to phage infection. Current evidence also supports a more general role for them in genetic recombination.
__label__0, We determine the prevalence and bothersomeness of erectile and ejaculatory dysfunction in men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of bladder outlet obstruction in real life practice, and analyze predictors of sexual dysfunction in this population.
__label__0, Our understanding of processes that led to biogeographic disjunct patterns of plant lineages in Macaronesia, North Africa and Socotra remains poor. Here, we study a group of Campanula species distributed across these areas integrating morphological and reproductive traits with phylogenetic and phylogeographic data based on the obtention of sequences for 4 highly variable cpDNA regions and AFLP data. The phylogeny obtained shows a sister relationship between Campanula jacobaea (endemic to Cape Verde Islands) and C. balfourii (endemic to Socotra), thus revealing a striking disjunct pattern (8300 km). These species diverged around 1.0 Mya; AFLP and haplotype data suggest that no genetic interchange has occurred since then. Their closest taxon, C. hypocrateriformis, is endemic to SW Morocco. The archipelagos of Macaronesia and Socotra have probably acted as refugia for North-African species, leading to speciation through isolation. Although C. balfourii has a restricted distribution, its genetic variability suggests that its populations have suffered no bottlenecks. C. jacobaea is also genetically rich and its distribution across Cape Verde Islands seems to have been influenced by the NE–SW trade winds, which may also have favoured the admixture found among the populations of the three southern islands. Floral features of the morphologically hypervariable C. jacobaea were also measured to assess whether the taxon C. bravensis, described for some of the southeast populations of C. jacobaea, corresponds to a different evolutionary entity. We show that morphological variation in C. jacobaea does not correspond to any genetic or geographic group.
__label__0, Targeted treatment of ischemic stroke remains problem due to the complex pathogenesis of this disease and the difficulty in drug delivery across the blood–brain barrier (BBB). In the present study, the delivery efficiency of cationic bovine serum albumin-conjugated tanshinone IIA PEGylated nanoparticles (CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs) in rat brain was investigated. We further explored whether the protective mechanism of CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs in cerebral ischemia was associated with modulating neuronal signaling pathways. The experimental cerebral ischemia model was established to evaluate the treatment efficacy of CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs. The pharmacokinetics demonstrated that CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs could obviously prolong circulation time and increase plasma concentration compared with intravenously administrated TIIA solution. The biodistribution and brain uptake study confirmed that CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs possessed better brain delivery efficacy with a high drug accumulation and fluorescence quantitative level in brain. CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs effectively reduced infarction volume, neurological dysfunctions, neutrophils infiltration and neuronal apoptosis. Moreover, CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs significantly suppressed the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-α and IL-8; upregulated the expression of anti-inflammatory cytokines IL-10 and increase TGF-β1 level in the ischemic brain. In addition, treatment with CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs markedly inhibited the mRNA expressions of GFAP, MMP-9, COX-2, p38MAPK, ERK1/2 and JNK, downregulated the protein levels of GFAP, MMP-9 and COX-2, as well as decreased the phosphorylation of ERK1/2, p38MAPK and JNK. These results demonstrated that CBSA-PEG-TIIA-NPs displayed remarkable neuroprotective effects on ischemic stroke through modulation of MAPK signal pathways involved in the cascades of neuroinflammation.
__label__0, In this paper a new fuzzy Multidimensional Multiple-choice Knapsack Problem (MMKP) is proposed. In the proposed fuzzy MMKP, each item may belong to several groups according to a predefined fuzzy membership value. The total profit and the total cost of the knapsack problem are considered as two conflicting objectives. A mathematical approach and a heuristic algorithm are proposed to solve the fuzzy MMKP. One method is an improved version of a well-known exact multi-objective mathematical programming technique, called the efficient ɛ-constraint method. The second method is a heuristic algorithm called multi-start Partial-Bound Enumeration (PBE). Both methods are used to comparatively generate a set of non-dominated solutions for the fuzzy MMKP. The performance of the two methods is statistically compared with respect to a set of simulated benchmark cases using different diversity and accuracy metrics.
__label__0, This paper assesses duration-specific treatment effects of fixed currency regimes on bilateral trade along a duration path of up to 25 years. We find that country-pairs with fixed exchange rate regimes trade more, but only after about 8 years.
__label__0, Using the causality-in-variance and causality-in-mean tests advocated by Hong (2001), we examine volatility and mean transmissions between the US dollar (USD) and euro (EUR) LIBOR-OIS spreads from January 2005 to June 2011. Interestingly, during the global financial crisis period, despite the apparently bidirectional causality-in-mean observed between the two spreads, we find evidence of significant unidirectional causality-in-variance from the EUR to the USD spread, implying information flows driven by the funding behaviors of European financial institutions. On the other hand, during the recent European sovereign debt crisis, we detect no significant causality-in-mean and causality-in-variance between the spreads.
__label__0, Bio-electrohydrogenesis through Microbial Electrolysis Cell (MEC) is one of the promising technologies for generating hydrogen from wastewater through degradation of organic waste by microbes. While microbial activity occurs at anode, hydrogen gas is evolved at the cathode. Identifying a highly efficient and low cost cathode is ve
__label__0, Optimization of thicknesses of n-type a-Si:H emitter layer, front a-Si:H i-layer and p-type c-Si base wafer as well as optimum heterojunction (HJ) and HJ with intrinsic layer (HIT) solar cells are performed using AFORS-HET simulation software. By optimization, we realized record efficiency of 27.02% in bifacial HIT solar cell at emitter layer, front i-layer and c-Si base wafer thicknesses of 6 nm, 3 nm and 200 μm, respectively. Interestingly when the thickness of c-Si wafer was reduced to 58 μm, while keeping the thicknesses of emitter and front i-layers as same as 6 nm and 3 nm, respectively, efficiency in bifacial cell got reduced to 26.45%. All cell structures generated highest efficiency at emitter layer and front i-layer thicknesses of 6 nm and 3 nm, respectively. However, optimum c-Si base wafer thickness was varied according to the following cell structures: simple HJ and HIT cells showed highest efficiency at 300 μm, HJ with BSF layer cell at 98 μm, HIT with BSF layer at 58 μm. It is worth mention that, efficiency in bifacial cell at 58, 98 and 200 μm was varied nominally. These optimizations may help in producing low cost high efficiency HJ and HIT solar cells technology.
__label__0, Friction stir processing of a rolled AZ31 alloy and a high pressure die cast AZ91 alloy produced ultrafine grained materials with average grain size of 0.8 μm and 0.5 μm, respectively. Tensile testing was done in the temperature range of 210–360 °C and strain rate range of 1×10−4–3×10−2 s−1. Higher amounts of β-precipitates in AZ91 thermally stabilized the microstructure up to 330 °C. Friction processed ultrafine grain AZ91 exhibited high strain rate superplasticity at all tested temperatures. The best elongation of 1251% was achieved at a strain rate of 1×10−2 s−1 and temperature of 330 °C. The kinetic analysis of the superplastic data revealed a large variation in the kinetic parameter due to difficulty in using proper grain size values because of concurrent grain growth.
__label__0, Cationic poly(ɛ-caprolactone) modified hollow mesoporous silica (HMSNs) was achieved by a post graft method via covalent linkage between the silanols on the surface of silica and the trimethoxysilane groups at the end of the poly(γ-(carbamic acid benzyl ester)-ɛ-caprolactone). The trimethoxysilane groups were introduced to poly(γ-(carbamic acid benzyl ester)-ɛ-caprolactone) by ring opening polymerization of γ-(carbamic acid benzyl ester)-ɛ-caprolactone (γCABɛCL) with 3-aminopropyl trimethoxysilane as initiator. Subsequently, the polymer was grafted to the HMSNs and the protected groups of Cbz were removed, thus the amino groups were obtained accordingly. The structure of the polymer was confirmed by 1H NMR. In addition, the TEM and SEM demonstrated that the HMSNs were spherical and the polymer was well coated on the spheres. FTIR, TGA and N2 adsorption results proved that the modified processes were effective and the structure of the HMSNs was well reserved. The cationic surface was further confirmed by zeta potential. Moreover, the potential application of the HMSNs in drug delivery was studied with ammonium glycyrrhizinate (AMG) as model drug. Results showed that the cationic HMSNs could be an efficient AMG carrier.
__label__0, The retromer is a pentameric protein complex that mediates the retrograde transport of acid hydrolase receptors between endosomes and the trans-Golgi network and is conserved across all eukaryotes. Unlike other eukaryotes, the endomembrane system of Giardia trophozoite is simple and is composed only of the endoplasmic reticulum and peripheral vesicles (PVs), which may represent an ancient organellar system converging compartments such as early and late endosomes and lysosomes. Sorting and trafficking of membrane proteins and soluble hydrolases from the endoplasmic reticulum to the PVs have been described as specific and conserved but whether the giardial retromer participates in receptor recycling remains elusive. Homologs of the retromer Vacuolar Protein Sorting (Vps35p, Vps26p, and Vps29p) have been identified in this parasite. Cloning the GlVPS35 subunit and antisera production enabled the localization of this protein in the PVs as well as in the cytosol. Tagged expression of the subunits was used to demonstrate their association with membranes, and immunofluorescence confocal laser scanning revealed high degrees of colabeling between the retromer subunits and also with the endoplasmic reticulum and PV compartment markers. Protein–protein interaction data revealed interaction between the subunits of GlVPS35 and the cytosolic domain of the hydrolase receptor GlVps. Altogether our data provide original information on the molecular interactions that mediate assembly of the cargo-selective retromer subcomplex and its involvement in the recycling of the acid hydrolase receptor in this parasite.
__label__0, The objective of precedence-constrained sequencing problem (PCSP) is to locate the optimal sequence with the shortest traveling time among all feasible sequences. Various methods for effectively solving the PCSP have been suggested. This paper proposes a new concept of hybrid genetic algorithm (HGA) with adaptive local search scheme in order that the PCSP should be effectively solved. By the use of the adaptive local search scheme, the local search is automatically adapted into the loop of genetic algorithm. Two types of the PCSP are presented and analyzed to compare the efficiency among the proposed HGA approach and other competing conventional approaches. Finally, it is proved that the proposed HGA approach outperforms the other competing conventional approaches.
__label__0, The ability to calculate the development costs for specific medicines and vaccines is important to inform investments in innovation. Unfortunately, the literature is predominated by non-reproducible studies only measuring aggregate level drug research and development (R&D) costs. We describe methodology that improves the transparency and reproducibility of primary indication expected R&D expenditures.
__label__0, Although the adoption rates for Electronic Health Records (EHRs) are growing, significant opportunities for further advances in EHR system design remain. The goal of this study was to identify issues that should be considered in the design process for the successful development of future systems by analyzing end users’ service requests gathered during a recent three-year period after a comprehensive EHR system was implemented at Seoul National University's Bundang Hospital in South Korea.
__label__0, When there are many applications (apps) installed on a mobile device, the simple task of launching an app could become inconvenient, as the user may need to swipe the screen several times to find the desired app. In this paper, we present AppRush, an adaptive user interface solution for mobile devices, which uses dynamic shortcuts to facilitate app launching. AppRush predicts the apps most likely to be launched at a certain time based on the user's app usage history. The prediction model utilizes multiple features including recency, frequency, duration, time distribution and app launching sequence. AppRush updates the app shortcuts dynamically on the home screen according to the prediction result. With the correct prediction, the user is able to launch an app from the home screen via one-tap. The evaluation performed on real-world user data demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed prediction algorithm. In addition, AppRush maintains a low system overhead, which makes it applicable for running on battery-driven mobile devices.
__label__0, Solid-state Ln–L compounds, where Ln stands for heavy trivalent lanthanides or yttrium(III) (Tb–Lu, Y) and L is succinate, have been synthesized. Simultaneous thermogravimetry and differential thermal analysis (TG-DTA), differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), infrared spectroscopy, TG-DTA coupled to FTIR, elemental analysis, X-ray powder diffractometry and complexometry were used to characterize and study the thermal behavior of these compounds.
__label__0, The species composition, distribution patterns and abundance of penaeid shrimps in Malindi-Ungwana Bay, Kenya, were investigated after six years of no bottom trawling in the area. Two surveys undertaken during the dry Northeast Monsoon (NEM) and wet Southeast Monsoon (SEM) seasons in 2011 identified areas with abundant shrimps near the outflows of the Sabaki and Tana rivers. Distinct species composition and abundance patterns were found at the two areas, attributed mainly to depth, turbidity and season. Penaeus semisulcatus was more abundant at the Sabaki area, where it was deeper with a muddy bottom and less turbid waters. Fenneropenaeus indicus was more abundant in the Tana area, a shallower, more turbid area with sandy-mud sediments. Penaeus monodon, Penaeus japonicus and Metapenaeus monoceros were found in both areas, suggesting wider tolerance to environmental conditions. Shrimp total biomass and catch rates were significantly greater during the SEM survey, and decreased as depth increased beyond 10 m. Small-sized M. monoceros and P. monodon individuals were abundant during the SEM survey, whereas large ones with ripe and spent gonads were more common during the NEM survey, suggesting that spawning took place between the two surveys. Seasonal patterns in gonad maturity were less clear for F. indicus and P. semisulcatus. The length at first maturity (L50) varied among species, suggesting that different species in the bay start spawning at different sizes, an important biological reference for sustainable resource exploitation. This study confirms the importance of the Sabaki and Tana areas as important habitats for penaeid shrimps in Malindi-Ungwana Bay.
__label__0, The objective of this work was to study, under field conditions, the effect of temperature on radiation use efficiency (RUE) of maize. Field evidence of the negative effect of low temperature on this variable is lacking. Experiments with different sowing dates and five years of experimentation with October plantings provided a range of average temperatures during the vegetative period from 15.8 to 20.9°C.
__label__0, CAL-B (Candida antarctica lipase B) immobilized on an acrylic resin (Novozyme® 435) smoothly catalyzes the aminolysis of methyl esters with propargyl amine furnishing propargyl amides. In the same reaction vessel these propargyl derivatives are consecutively transformed into amide ligated 1,2,3-triazoles in a Cu(I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition (CuAAC) click reaction in good to excellent yields.
__label__0, In this study, the artificial parameter method is utilized to find closed-form, approximate natural frequencies of axially moving beam. The method provides efficient approximate natural frequencies for the beam with different boundary conditions. The validity and accuracy of the obtained solution are examined by comparing with numeric values and data found in the literature. It is shown that the present solution is valid and accurate for both high axial speed and large bending stiffness.
__label__0, Cutaneous lesions of feline sporotrichosis show high fungal load and are associated with severe disease and elevated zoonotic potential. The present study describes the histopathology and fungal load of the lesions in different clinical presentations of feline sporotrichosis. Cats with sporotrichosis were separated into groups L1, L2 and L3 (lesions in one, two and three or more locations, respectively) and subjected to skin biopsies for histopathology. Eighty-six cats were included in the study. Lesions were suppurative granulomatous in 84 cases and poorly formed granulomas were predominant. The well-formed granulomas were associated with group L1. The high fungal load was predominant in group L3 and in poorly formed granuloma cases and did not occur in well-formed granulomas cases. The good general condition was associated with low fungal load. These findings suggest that the fungal load control in animals with more localized lesions and well-organized response is linked with the improvement in the outcome of infected cats.
__label__0, Percutaneous nephrolithotomy has undergone considerable evolution since its introduction in the 1970s, which has been driven by advances in access techniques, instrumentation and endoscopic technology. Recent reports suggest an increase in the number of percutaneous stone treatments being performed. However, despite the increasing use of percutaneous nephrolithotomy a minority of urologists obtain their own access. We reviewed the techniques for performing safe and effective percutaneous renal access.
__label__0, To identify algal strains with altered starch metabolism from a large pool of candidates of growing algal colonies, we have developed a novel, high-throughput screening tool by combining gaseous bleaching of replica transferred colonies and subsequent iodine staining to visualize starch. Screening of healthy growing colonies of microalgae has not been possible previously because high levels of chlorophyll make the detection of starch with an iodine stain impossible. We demonstrated that chlorine dioxide (ClO2) removes essentially all chlorophyll from the colonies and enables high-throughput screening of, for example, a population of mutagenized cells or a culture collection isolated in a bioprospecting project.
__label__0, We focus on the charging process of a fleet of electric vehicles overnight for providing load-side regulation service. At the heart of this complex problem, the goal is to transfer a certain amount of energy to the fleet by a given deadline; however, when and how fast the energy is sent is flexible. We examine a unidirectional setting in the cases where regulation signals are deterministic (worst case) and stochastic. We study both a single-shot optimization scenario carried at the start of the charging period, and a dynamic optimization scenario, where the optimal control strategy is re-evaluated several times over the duration of the charging interval. We show that most of the gains from dynamic optimization can be obtained by re-evaluating the optimization problem at the midpoint of the charging interval. Moreover, the optimal value of the regulation service in the worst-case deterministic setting nearly matches the stochastic setting with dynamic optimization. We validate our results using both simulation and real-world data.
__label__0, This work investigates the capability of two different fiber beam–column finite elements in simulating the dynamic response of a shear wall tested on a shaking table. The two elements account for the axial force-bending moment interaction in a comparable way. The first element can be considered as representative of a class of elements widely available to design engineers for nonlinear (either static or dynamic) analyses. The second element is more refined (and complex) and is specifically derived to reproduce the shear–flexure interaction. The specimen under study is one of the two 5-story, 1/3rd-scale, reinforced concrete (R/C) shear walls, which was subjected to a sequence of accelerograms during the CAMUS I program. The wall was designed according to the French code PS92 and is representative of large lightly reinforced walls, as defined in the Eurocode 8 standard. The measured response is used to assess the benefits and limitations of all the proposed structural models and the adopted finite element formulations; the relevant effects of shear in the response of the specimen are addressed and discussed. Important recommendations on the use of fiber beam–column elements for studying existing R/C structures, which do not comply with the flexure dominated paradigm of walls in the most recent code specifications, are provided.
__label__0, Pr3 + doped lead alumino silicate glasses with varying concentrations of Al2O3 (from 5 to 10 mol%) have been synthesized. The IR and Raman spectral studies of these glasses have indicated that there is a gradual increase in the depolymerization of the glass network with an increase in the concentration of Al2O3. The optical absorption, luminescence spectra and fluorescence decay curves of these glasses were recorded at room temperature. The luminescence spectra of these glasses have exhibited the bands due to 3P0 → 3F2, 3F3, 3H6, 3H4, 3H5 transitions. From these spectra, the radiative parameters viz., spontaneous emission probability A, the total emission probability AT, the radiative lifetime τ, the fluorescent branching ratio β of different transitions that originated from the 3P0 level of Pr3 + ions have been evaluated. A considerable enhancement in the luminescence emission, especially in the red region corresponding to 3P0 → 3H6, 3F2 transitions has been observed. The increase has been attributed to the possible admixing of wavefunctions of opposite parities and due to the declusterization of Pr3 + ions by Al3 + ions in the glass network. The branching ratio β has been observed to be the highest for the transition 3P0 → 3F2 and it is found to be ~ 50% for the glass mixed with 10 mol% of Al2O3. The CIE color coordinates for three glasses have been evaluated and found to be in the bright red region.
__label__0, Assessing neuroradiologists’ skills in the operating room (OR) is difficult and often subjective. This study used a workflow time-based task analysis approach while performing cerebral angiography.
__label__0, Given an undirected graph G = ( V , E ) where each edge of E is weighted with an integer number, the maximum cut problem (Max-Cut) is to partition the vertices of V into two disjoint subsets so as to maximize the total weight of the edges between the two subsets. As one of Karp's 21 NP-complete problems, Max-Cut has attracted considerable attention over the last decades. In this paper, we present Breakout Local Search (BLS) for Max-Cut. BLS explores the search space by a joint use of local search and adaptive perturbation strategies. The proposed algorithm shows excellent performance on the set of well-known maximum cut benchmark instances in terms of both solution quality and computational time. Out of the 71 benchmark instances, BLS is capable of finding new improved results in 34 cases and attaining the previous best-known result for 35 instances, within computing times ranging from less than 1 s to 5.6 h for the largest instance with 20,000 vertices.
__label__0, In this paper, the dynamics of an impulsively controlled predator–prey system with the Hassell–Varley functional response are studied. Under impulsive control, the conditions for the existence of a stable prey-free solution and for the permanence of the system are investigated by using Floquet theory and comparison theorems. Also the existence of a nontrivial periodic solution under some conditions is shown via the bifurcation theorem. Finally, numerical simulations are given to substantiate our theoretical results and to illustrate various dynamical behaviors of the system.
__label__0, Recent investigations of botanical material from archaeological sites have provided seeds and plant remains exhibiting a crystalline or semi-crystalline appearance. X-ray diffraction and partial chemical analysis have revealed that the particular plant materials had been replaced by calcium phosphate. Using systematic sampling and retrieval techniques a significant body of data has been accumulated. Most mineralized botanical evidence has been recovered from faecal deposits, in particular cess pits and garderobes, and has provided an important source of information about aspects of diet of past populations.
__label__0, Tuberculosis (TB) constitutes one of the most dangerous and serious health problems around the world. It is a very lethal disease caused by microorganisms of the genus mycobacterium, principally Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) which affects humans. A very active field for the search of more efficient anti-TB chemotherapies is the use in silico methodologies for the discovery of potent anti-TB agents. The battle against MTB by using antimicrobial chemotherapies will depend on the design of new chemicals with high anti-TB activity and low toxicity as possible. Multi-target methodologies focused on quantitative-structure activity relationships (mt-QSAR) have played a very important role for the rationalization of drug design, providing a better understanding about the molecular patterns related with diverse pharmacological profiles including antimicrobial activity. Nowadays, almost all mt-QSAR models have considered the study of biological activity or toxicity separately. In the present study, we develop by the first time, a unified multitasking model based on quantitative-structure biological effect relationships (mtk-QSBER) for the simultaneous prediction of anti-TB activity and toxicity against Mus musculus and Rattus norvegicus. The mtk-QSBER model was created by using linear discriminant analysis (LDA) for the classification of compounds as positive (high biological activity and/or low toxicity) or negative (otherwise) under many experimental conditions. Our mtk-QSBER model, correctly classified more than 90% of the case in the whole database (more than 12,000 cases), serving as a powerful tool for the computer-assisted screening of potent and safe anti-TB drugs.
__label__0, Hyperuricemia is related to a variety of pathologies, including chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying disease development are not yet fully elucidated. Here, we studied the effect of hyperuricemia on tryptophan metabolism and the potential role herein of two important uric acid efflux transporters, multidrug resistance protein 4 (MRP4) and breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP). Hyperuricemia was induced in mice by treatment with the uricase inhibitor oxonic acid, confirmed by the presence of urate crystals in the urine of treated animals. A transport assay, using membrane vesicles of cells overexpressing the transporters, revealed that uric acid inhibited substrate-specific transport by BCRP at clinically relevant concentrations (calculated IC50 value: 365 ± 13 μM), as was previously reported for MRP4. Moreover, we identified kynurenic acid as a novel substrate for MRP4 and BCRP. This finding was corroborated by increased plasma levels of kynurenic acid observed in Mrp4−/− (107 ± 19 nM; P = 0.145) and Bcrp−/− mice (133 ± 10 nM; P = 0.0007) compared to wild type animals (71 ± 11 nM). Hyperuricemia was associated with > 1.5 fold increase in plasma kynurenine levels in all strains. Moreover, hyperuricemia led to elevated plasma kynurenic acid levels (128 ± 13 nM, P = 0.005) in wild type mice but did not further increase kynurenic acid levels in knockout mice. Based on our results, we postulate that elevated uric acid levels hamper MRP4 and BCRP functioning, thereby promoting the retention of other potentially toxic substrates, including kynurenic acid, which could contribute to the development of CKD.
__label__0, This paper deals with a class of porous medium equation u t = Δ u m + f ( u ) with homogeneous Dirichlet boundary conditions. The blow-up criteria is established by using the method of energy under the suitable condition on the function f(u).
__label__0, Le syndrome d’antidiurèse inappropriée (SIAD ; anciennement syndrome de sécrétion inappropriée d’hormone antidiurétique [SIADH]) constitue l’étiologie la plus fréquente de l’hyponatrémie. Il existe une forte association entre mortalité et hyponatrémie qui repose surtout sur la gravité de la maladie sous-jacente. Dans le SIAD, l’hyponatrémie est dite euvolémique mais l’appréciation du volume extracellulaire peut être difficile. La symptomatologie est principalement neurologique pouvant conduire au décès mais des mécanismes d’adaptation permettent de limiter l’œdème cérébral. La notion d’hyponatrémie modérée asymptomatique a été remise en cause sur la constatation d’altérations neurocognitives infracliniques, d’un risque accru de chutes et de fractures. Les étiologies sont classées en six groupes : atteintes cérébrales, infections principalement cérébro-méningées et pulmonaires, médicaments notamment les antidépresseurs, tumeurs, causes génétiques, et idiopathiques. L’hyponatrémie aiguë symptomatique est une urgence thérapeutique non spécifique du SIAD. Lorsque l’hyponatrémie est asymptomatique, la restriction hydrique avec apport de sel est généralement suffisante mais l’urée peut être une alternative. Dans le SIAD chronique, il n’y a actuellement aucune recommandation. La restriction hydrique n’est pas toujours réalisable ; l’urée a démontré son efficacité, sa bonne tolérance et son innocuité au long cours. Les vaptans ont démontré leur bonne tolérance et leur efficacité sur la correction de l’hyponatrémie liée au SIAD dans des sous-groupes d’études, pour des hyponatrémies modérées et des patients asymptomatiques. Dans la seule étude ayant comparé vaptans et urée, l’efficacité et la tolérance sont comparables. Vu la différence de coût entre les vaptans et l’urée et en attendant des études complémentaires, l’urée apparaît actuellement comme le traitement de première intention de l’hyponatrémie du SIAD.
__label__0, Emerging evidence suggests a role of dysfunction of glutamatergic neurotransmission and its receptors in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia (SCZ). This study evaluated whether the promoter hypermethylation and RNA expression pattern of GMR2 (glutamate metabotropic receptor), GMR5, GMR8, and GRIA3 (glutamate receptor, ionotropic alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid) are associated with the risk of schizophrenia between schizophrenia patients and healthy controls.
__label__0, In this work the nano-structural, magnetic and resistivity properties of Al3+ substituted Mn–Zn ferrites powders were investigated. Mn0.5Zn0.5AlxFe2−xO4 powders, where x = 0.0, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4 and 0.5 were obtained by the sol–gel auto-combustion method. X-ray diffraction data indicate that, after substitution, all the samples consisted of the main spinel phase in combination with a small amount of a foreign Al2O3 phase. The addition of Al3+ resulted in a reduction of particle size and density of the prepared samples. Cation distribution in the present study was estimated by using X-ray diffraction data. The tetrahedral site radii initially increased with Al3+ content while the octahedral site radii decreased with the Al3+ substitution. FTIR spectra show two strong absorption bands at 529–548 cm−1 and 445–452 cm−1 which are the typical bands for the cubic spinel crystal structure. The magnetic properties were measured by employing a vibrating sample magnetometer. It was observed that the saturation magnetization, coercivity and anisotropy field decreased with the increase of Al3+ substitution. Introduction of Al3+ ions into the Mn–Zn ferrite increased the values of the resistivity, especially in the lower temperature range.
__label__0, The objective of the study was to investigate the iontophoretic delivery kinetics of ketorolac (KT), a highly potent NSAID and peripherally-acting analgesic that is currently indicated to treat moderate to severe acute pain. It was envisaged that, depending on the amounts delivered, transdermal iontophoretic administration might have two distinct therapeutic applications: (i) more effective and faster local therapy with shorter onset times (e.g. to treat trauma-related pain/inflammation in muscle) or (ii) a non-parenteral, gastrointestinal tract sparing approach for systemic pain relief. The first part of the study investigated the effect of experimental conditions on KT iontophoresis using porcine and human skin in vitro. These results demonstrated that KT electrotransport was linearly dependent on current density – from 0.1875 to 0.5 mA/cm2 – (r2 > 0.99) and drug concentration – from 5 to 20 mg/ml (r2 > 0.99). Iontophoretic permeation of KT from a 2% hydroxymethyl cellulose gel was comparable to that from an aqueous solution with equivalent drug loading (584.59 ± 114.67 and 462.05 ± 66.56 μg/cm2, respectively). Cumulative permeation (462.05 ± 66.56 and 416.28 ± 95.71 μg/cm2) and steady state flux (106.72 ± 11.70 and 94.28 ± 15.47 μg/cm2 h), across porcine and human skin, were statistically equivalent confirming the validity of the model. Based on the results in vitro, it was decided to focus on topical rather than systemic applications of KT iontophoresis in vivo. Subsequent experiments, in male Wistar rats, investigated the local enhancement of KT delivery to muscle by iontophoresis. Drug biodistribution was assessed in skin, in the biceps femoris muscle beneath the site of iontophoresis (‘treated muscle’; TM), in the contralateral muscle (‘non-treated muscle’; NTM) and in plasma (P). Passive topical delivery and oral administration served as negative and positive controls, respectively. Iontophoretic administration for 30 min was superior to passive topical delivery for 1 h and resulted in statistically significant increases in KT levels in the skin (91.04 ± 15.48 vs. 20.16 ± 8.58 μg/cm2), in the biceps femoris at the treatment site (TM; 6.74 ± 3.80 vs. <LOQ), in the contralateral site (NTM; 1.26 ± 0.54 vs. <LOQ) and in plasma (P; 8.58 ± 2.37 μg/ml vs. <LOD). In addition to increasing bioavailability, iontophoretic administration of KT showed clear selectivity for local delivery to the biceps femoris at the treatment site – the TM:NTM ratio was 5.26 ± 1.45, and the TM:P and NTM:P ratios were 0.75 ± 0.32 and 0.14 ± 0.04, respectively. Furthermore, the post-iontophoretic concentration of KT in the ‘treated’ biceps femoris muscle and the muscle:plasma ratio were also superior to those following oral administration of a 4 mg/kg dose (6.74 ± 3.80 vs. 0.62 ± 0.14 μg/g and 0.75 ± 0.32 vs. 0.14 ± 0.03, respectively). In conclusion, the results demonstrate that iontophoresis of ketorolac enables local enhanced topical delivery to subjacent muscle; this may have clinical application in the treatment of localised inflammation and pain.
__label__0, Astragali Radix (AR) and Rehmanniae Radix (RR) have long been used in traditional Chinese Medicine and as the principal herbs in treating diabetic foot ulcer. In this study, we investigated the effect of NF3, which comprises of AR and RR in the ratio of 2:1(w/w), on skin fibroblast cell migration and the activation of selected genes and proteins related to wound healing.
__label__0, To evaluate the frequency of periodontal disease in a group of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and its relationship with diabetic metabolic control, duration and complications.
__label__0, Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS) is an immune-mediated acute inflammatory disorder in the peripheral nervous system (PNS) of humans characterized by inflammatory infiltration and damage to myelin and axon. Experimental autoimmune neuritis (EAN) is a useful animal model for GBS. Although GBS and EAN have been widely studied, the pathophysiological basis of GBS/EAN remains largely unknown. Immunocompetent cells together with cytokines produced by various cells contribute to the inflammatory process of EAN by acting as mediators or effectors. Both GBS and EAN have hitherto been attributed to T helper (Th)1 cells-mediated disorders, however, some changes in GBS and EAN could not be explained by the pathogenic role of Th1 cells and a disturbance of the Th1/Th2 balance, which has previously been considered to be important for the homeostatic maintenance of the immune responses and to explain the adaptive immunity and autoimmune diseases. The Th1/Th2 paradigm in autoimmune diseases has been greatly challenged in recent years, with the identification of a particular T cell subset Th17 cells. Studies on the associations between Th17 cells/cytokines and GBS/EAN are reviewed. But some of them occasionally yield conflicting results, indicating an intricate network of cytokines in immune response.
__label__0, The effect of the adenosine (ADO) analogue 2-chloroadenosine (CADO) on frequency-induced long-term potentiation (LTP) of the responses evoked by stimulation of the Schaffer fibres and recorded in CA1 area was studied in hippocampal slices of the rat. CADO significantly decreased LTP of the population spikes (PS) (EC50 = 0.28 μM), and LTP of the field excitatory postsynaptic potentials (f.e.p.s.p) (EC50 = 0.33 μM). These effects were reversed by the ADO receptor antagonist 8-phenyltheophylline (8-PT) (2.5 μM). It is concluded that CADO decreases LTP through activation of a xanthine-sensitive ADO receptor.
__label__0, Structural neuroimaging studies of the amygdala and hippocampus in bipolar disorder have been largely inconsistent. This may be due in part to differences in the proportion of subjects taking lithium or experiencing an acute mood state, as both factors have recently been shown to influence gray matter structure. To avoid these problems, we evaluated euthymic subjects not currently taking lithium. Thirty-two subjects with bipolar type I disorder and 32 healthy subjects were scanned using magnetic resonance imaging. Subcortical regions were manually traced, and converted to three-dimensional meshes to evaluate the main effect of bipolar illness on radial distance. Statistical analyses found no evidence for a main effect of bipolar illness in either region, although exploratory analyses found a significant age by diagnosis interaction in the right amygdala, as well as positive associations between radial distance of the left amygdala and both prior hospitalizations for mania and current medication status. These findings suggest that, when not treated with lithium or in an acute mood state, patients with bipolar disorder exhibit no structural abnormalities of the amygdala or hippocampus. Future studies, nevertheless, that further elucidate the impact of age, course of illness, and medication on amygdala structure in bipolar disorder are warranted.
__label__0, The chance of a successful penetration of the oocyte and subseqent development of the zygote into a gestation is depending on contributions from the maternal and paternal side as well as, in farm animals, variabels such as farm management, technician and season, etc. To study the true relation between semen characteristics and sire fertility, in other words the paternal contribution to a successful gestation, these variabels should be taken into account. Before oocyte penetration, the paternal contribution is depending on the quality of the population of spermatozoa inside the female reproductive tract; extrinsic sperm quality. Semen characteristics that might relate to extrinsic sperm quality are motility, membrane integrity, acrosome integrity, ability of binding to the zona pellucida. After oocyte penetration the paternal contribution to the developmental potential of the conceptus depends entirely on the quality of the spermatozoon which penetrated; intrinsic sperm quality. Sperm cell characteristics related to this intrinsic quality such as degree of DNA condensation are relatively new and their predictive value for probability of a successful gestation is not yet fully understood.
__label__0, The stages of the sporangiogenous phase in the life-cycle of S. subterranea t. sp. nasturtii were observed using transmission electron microscopy. The vegetative multinucleate plasmodium and its association with the host cytoplasm is described. Uninucleate zoosporangia are produced at the onset of sporogenesis when cleavage vacuoles coalesce to form cleavage furrows. Nuclear division and further cleavage of cytoplasm produces 4–8 zoospores within each zoosporangium. The findings are discussed in relation to other members of the Plasmodiophoromycetes.
__label__0, Condensation of salicylaldehyde with nitroacetone and urea yields one diastereomer of the title compound. In DMF or DMSO solutions, this compound undergoes oxadiazocine ring opening leading to the equilibrium between its 2R*,6S*,11S*- and 2R*,6S*,11R*-diastereomers and 4-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-6-methyl-5-nitro-3,4-dihydropyrimidin-2(1H)-one.
__label__0, Neurocysticercosis is a widely prevalent disease in the tropics that causes seizures and a variety into of neurological symptoms in most of the world. Experimental models are limited and do not allow assessment of the degree of inflammation around brain cysts. The vital dye Evans Blue (EB) was injected to 11 pigs naturally infected with Taenia solium cysts to visually identify the extent of disruption of the blood-brain barrier. A total of 369 cysts were recovered from the 11 brains and classified according to the staining of their capsules as blue or unstained. The proportion of cysts with blue capsules was significantly higher in brains from pigs that had received anthelmintic treatment 48 and 120 h before the EB infusion, indicating a greater compromise of the blood-brain barrier due to treatment. The model could be useful for understanding the pathology of treatment-induced inflammation in neurocysticercosis.
__label__0, We prove that if G is a vertex-critical graph with χ ( G ) ≥ Δ ( G ) + 1 − p ≥ 4 for some p ∈ N and ω ( H ( G ) ) ≤ χ ( G ) + 1 p + 1 − 2 , then G = K χ ( G ) or G = O 5 . Here H ( G ) is the subgraph of G induced on the vertices of degree at least χ ( G ) . This simplifies the proofs and improves the results in the paper of Kostochka, Rabern and Stiebitz (2012) [8].
__label__0, This paper proposes a neuronal circuitry layout and synaptic plasticity principles that allow the (pyramidal) neuron to act as a “combinatorial switch”. Namely, the neuron learns to be more prone to generate spikes given those combinations of firing input neurons for which a previous spiking of the neuron had been followed by a positive global reward signal. The reward signal may be mediated by certain modulatory hormones or neurotransmitters, e.g., the dopamine. More generally, a trial-and-error learning paradigm is suggested in which a global reward signal triggers long-term enhancement or weakening of a neuron’s spiking response to the preceding neuronal input firing pattern. Thus, rewards provide a feedback pathway that informs neurons whether their spiking was beneficial or detrimental for a particular input combination. The neuron’s ability to discern specific combinations of firing input neurons is achieved through a random or predetermined spatial distribution of input synapses on dendrites that creates synaptic clusters that represent various permutations of input neurons. The corresponding dendritic segments, or the enclosed individual spines, are capable of being particularly excited, due to local sigmoidal thresholding involving voltage-gated channel conductances, if the segment’s excitatory and absence of inhibitory inputs are temporally coincident. Such nonlinear excitation corresponds to a particular firing combination of input neurons, and it is posited that the excitation strength encodes the combinatorial memory and is regulated by long-term plasticity mechanisms. It is also suggested that the spine calcium influx that may result from the spatiotemporal synaptic input coincidence may cause the spine head actin filaments to undergo mechanical (muscle-like) contraction, with the ensuing cytoskeletal deformation transmitted to the axon initial segment where it may modulate the global neuron firing threshold. The tasks of pattern classification and generalization are discussed within the presented framework.
__label__0, This study was performed to investigate the association of red cell distribution width (RDW) with 28-day mortality in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock.
__label__0, Based on a Belief-Action-Outcome framework, we produced a model that shows senior managers’ perception of both the antecedents to and the consequences of Green IS adoption by a firm. This conceptual model and its associated hypotheses were empirically tested using a dataset generated from a survey of 405 organizations. The results suggest that coercive pressure influences the attitude toward Green IS adoption while mimetic pressure does not. In addition, we found that there was a significant relationship between Green IS adoption, attitude, and consideration of future consequences. Finally, we found that only long term Green IS adoption was positively related to environmental performance.
__label__0, Separation, retention times and quantification of more than fifty organic acids, sugars and alcohols commonly found in food products were determined using a single injection high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) technique with an interaction cation-exchange polymeric column in tandem with a dual detection system ultraviolet/visible and retractive index. To attain optimal separation and quantification of lactic and succinic acids associated with dairy products, 0.0080N H2SO4 at 55°C was used as the mobile phase, still resolving other acids and sugars. For the compounds such as tricarboxylic acids, simple sugars and alcohols present in fresh fruit and juices, separation and quantification were the best with 0.0065N H2SO4 at 25°C. The retention time data and response factors provide a rapid and versatile means by which to determine which of the 53 compounds can be analyzed for without interferences using a single injection HPLC analysis.
__label__0, Spatially resolved X-ray diffraction techniques provide useful quantitative information on the defect structure distribution for single crystals, thin films or nanowires. In this study, high-resolution X-ray diffraction is used at a laboratory X-ray source, to study the defect structure of undoped and Yb doped needle-shaped PrVO4 crystals grown by the slow cooling method, and to observe the effect of Yb doping on crystal structure and quality. General information on the defect structure is derived from reciprocal lattice-point maps at several selected points. Details of the defect structure are obtained with the use of mapping of triple axis rocking curves and of 2θ/ω diffraction curves. Combining these techniques provided useful information on the variation of defect nature and distribution along the crystals. There is no particular difference between the undoped and doped crystals. They are typically single crystalline, some of them are built from several blocks with misorientation angles up to several hundred arcsec. The full width at half maximum (FWHM) at the central part of the crystals is as low as about 10–12 arcsec. There is a tendency of FWHM to increase close to the crystal tips, demonstrating that the crystals are of lower crystalline quality at these regions. The mappings performed for (100) and (010) faces show that one of faces exhibits a small curvature (the lattice tilt being smaller than 2 arcsec/mm), whereas the other is characterized by a larger curvature (the tilt by at least three times larger). Unexpectedly, the reciprocal lattice-point maps for (100) and (010) crystal faces include an additional reciprocal lattice point of weak intensity. Its possible origin is discussed.
__label__0, Los avances en la investigación comienzan a mostrar que el cerebro humano es capaz de lograr recuperaciones significativas postenfermedad cerebrovascular. El concepto de alta precoz asistida reduce la estancia hospitalaria. Los pacientes que utilizan realidad virtual muestran mejoría en la función motora del miembro parético. Un programa básico de ejercicios en el hogar puede mejorar marcha, equilibrio, capacidad cardiovascular y capacidad funcional para tareas específicas. La robótica proporciona medios que permiten a los terapeutas incrementar la cantidad e intensidad de los movimientos del miembro pléjico, y disponer de más tiempo. Mediante imagen de resonancia magnética funcional (RNf) se ha demostrado la importancia de la estimulación sensorial en la activación cerebral, facilitando su recuperación. Ha comenzado a potenciarse la rehabilitación asistida mediante tecnología. La evidencia científica apoya los conceptos de intensidad de tratamiento, entrenamiento en tareas específicas e incremento de la estimulación sensorial.
__label__0, In this work Cu2ZnSnS4 (CZTS) thin films were formed by rapid thermal annealing (RTA) of sequentially electrodeposited Cu–Zn and Sn films in 5% H2S containing atmosphere. Six different thermal profiles were used in the experiments. In three of these, the temperature ramping up was varied, while the variable in the other three profiles was the cooling down rate. The optimising parameters for RTA of electrodeposited films were found and annealed films were characterised by X-ray diffraction (XRD), micro-Raman spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy and energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (SEM+EDS). The material parameters such as lattice strain and crystallite size were also determined and the influence of annealing temperature and heating rate on these parameters was discussed.The pathway of MoS2 formation was investigated.
__label__0, The performance of customer behavior models depends on both the predictive accuracy and the cost of incorrect predictions. Previous research showed that including context in the customer behavior models can improve the accuracy. However, improving accuracy does not necessarily mean that the misclassification cost decreases. In fact, different errors have different costs. Even if the number of incorrect predictions decreases, the number of errors associated with higher costs increase. The aim of this paper is to understand whether including context in a predictive model reduces the misclassification costs and in which conditions this happens. Experimental analyses were done by varying the market granularity, the dependent variable and the context granularity. The results show that context leads to a decrease in the misclassification cost when the unit of analysis is the single customer or the micro-segment. The exceptions may occur when the unit of analysis is a segment. These findings have significant implications for companies that have to decide whether to gather context and how to exploit it best when they build predictive models of the behavior of their customers.
__label__0, An efficient transformation system for the cellulolytic filamentous fungus Trichoderma reesei has been developed. Transformation was obtained with plasmid carrying the dominant selectable marker amdS or the argB gene of Aspergillus nidulans, which was found to complement the respective argB mutation of T. reesei. The transformation frequency can be up to 600 transformants per μg of transforming DNA. The efficiency of co-transformation with unselected DNA was high (approx. 80%). The transforming DNA was found to be integrated at several different locations, often in multiple tandem copies in the T. reesei genome. In addition, the Escherichia coli β-galactosidase was expressed in T. reesei in enzymatically active form from the A. nidulans gpd promoter.
__label__0, To study antifungal activity of a new ellagitannin isolated from the plant residues of Euphorbia antisyphilitica (E. antisyphilitica) Zucc in the wax extraction process.
__label__0, The energy consumption and greenhouse gas emission by the residential housing sector are considered to be one of the largest in economically developed countries. The larger energy consumption and greenhouse gas emission not only put additional pressure on finite fossil fuel resources but also cause global warming and climate change. Additionally, the residential housing sector will be consuming more energy as the house demand and average house floor area are progressively increasing. With currently used residential house wall systems, it is hard to reduce energy consumption for ongoing house space heating and cooling. A smart house wall envelope with optimal thermal masses and insulation materials is vital for reducing our increasing energy consumption. The major aim of this study is to investigate thermal performance and energy saving potential of a new house wall system for variable climate conditions. The thermal performance modelling was carried out using commercially developed software AccuRate®. The findings indicate that a notable energy savings can be accomplished if a smart house wall system is used.
__label__0, In an integrated feed swine company, the firm engages in weekly planning of feed logistics to ensure the proper growth and health conditions for the pigs, taking into account constraining factors, such as farm feed inventory, inventory policy, and the warehouse capacities of individual farms, as well as other logistical constraints. This process becomes a more complicated task as the number of farms rises. The studied problem was a case of multiple feed mills, multiple farms, and multiple products, which resembles a multi-facility, multi customer, and multi-product case. Database management coupled with a mathematical modeling method is proposed to cope with the industrial-scale feed production–distribution planning and to determine the most suitable feed delivery cycle, number of trucks used, feed order quantities for individual farms, and production batch size of the feed mill such that the cost from mill to feed is minimized. The performance of heuristic solution approaches has been assessed. The solutions from the proposed heuristic algorithm were shown to slightly deviate from the optimal solution but the computational time declined dramatically. In addition to the efficiency gained from the optimization framework, the database-centric feed demand estimation likewise enabled an accurate feed demand, taking into account pig health and growth conditions, as well as other necessary input factors for the model. The overall decision-support system works interactively with the optimization model and shows promise when applied to real industrial problems.
__label__0, When mixtures of wheat straw and organic nitrogen supplements were composted at 40° C in a simple small-scale, 1-phase composting system, initial inoculation with several species of thermophilic fungi resulted in a large improvement in the suitability of the composts for the cultivated mushroom. Ammonia levels fell rapidly and the ability of the composts to support competitor fungi was reduced. The species Torula thermophila, Cooney and Emerson, was particularly effective in bringing about these changes, and showed considerable potential as a rapid-composting organism. Composting was also accelerated by using a supplement such as sewage sludge, which had a low potential for producing ammonia. The inoculation of thermophilic fungi into conventional mushroom compost at the start of Phase II had little beneficial effect, probably because an adequate microflora of suitable composting organisms, including thermophilic fungi, was already present. If this microflora was first severely reduced, then a large effect from inoculating thermophilic fungi could be demonstrated. The results also indicated that the toxicity of ammonia to micro-organisms other than the mushroom could be an important feature of mushroom composting.
__label__0, A comparative study of the tribological properties of a library of different carbon forms is presented. The library includes hydrogen free and hydrogenated carbon films with different bonding (CC, CH, different sp3 fractions) and structure configurations (amorphous, graphitic) leading to a wide range of densities and hardness. Reference samples (Si substrates, thermally evaporated amorphous carbon, graphitic foil) were studied as well. The tribological properties were measured using a reciprocal sliding tribometer under humid (50% RH) and dry (5% RH) air conditions. Friction coefficients were measured versus the number of sliding cycles and the wear was studied using optical profilometry and imaging as well as SEM.
__label__0, This study was carried out to investigate the potential of visible and near infrared (VIS–NIR) hyperspectral imaging system for rapid and non-destructive content determination and distribution estimation of nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P) and potassium (K) in oilseed rape leaves. Hyperspectral images of 140 leaf samples were acquired in the wavelength range of 380–1030 nm and their spectral data were extracted from the region of interest (ROI). Partial least square regression (PLSR) and least-squares support vector machines (LS-SVM) were applied to relate the nutrient content to the corresponding spectral data and reasonable estimation results were obtained. The regression coefficients of the resulted PLSR models with full range spectra were used to identify the effective wavelengths and reduce the high dimensionality of the hyperspectral data. LS-SVM model for N with RP of 0.882, LS-SVM model for P with RP of 0.710, and PLSR model for K with RP of 0.746 respectively got the best prediction performance for the determination of the content of these three macronutrients based on the effective wavelengths. Distribution maps of N, P and K content in rape leaves were generated by applying the optimal calibration models in each pixel of reduced hyperspectral images. The different colours represented indicated the change of nutrient content in the leaves under different fertiliser treatments. The results revealed that hyperspectral imaging is a promising technique to detect macronutrients within oilseed rape leaves non-destructively and could be applied to in situ detection in living plants.
__label__0, Cost minimization of Shell-and-tube heat exchangers is a key objective. Traditional design approaches besides being time consuming, do not guarantee the reach of an economically optimal solution. So, in this research, a new shell and tube heat exchanger optimization design approach is developed based on biogeography-based optimization (BBO) algorithm. The BBO algorithm has some good features in reaching to the global minimum in comparison to other evolutionary algorithms. In this study BBO technique has been applied to minimize the total cost of the equipment including capital investment and the sum of discounted annual energy expenditures related to pumping of shell and tube heat exchanger by varying various design variables such as tube length, tube outer diameter, pitch size, baffle spacing, etc. Based on proposed method, a full computer code was developed for optimal design of shell and tube heat exchangers and three different test cases are solved by it to demonstrate the effectiveness and accuracy of the proposed algorithm. Finally the results are compared to those obtained by literature approaches up to the present. The obtained results indicate that the BBO algorithm can be successfully applied for optimal design of shell and tube heat exchangers.
__label__0, Dimethyl carbonate is an environmentally benign and biodegradable chemical. It can be produced by a transesterification reaction of methanol with ethylene carbonate, coproducing another useful product, ethylene glycol. A reactive distillation column can be utilized for the complete conversion of ethylene carbonate with methanol in excess. The coproduct, ethylene glycol, is the bottom product while the top product of this reactive distillation column is a mixture of dimethyl carbonate and methanol close to the azeotropic composition. In this paper, an economical separation process via extractive distillation is proposed to obtain pure dimethyl carbonate product and also pure methanol to be recycled to the reactive distillation column. A very simple procedure is proposed in this paper for the quick comparison of alternative entrainer candidates before rigorous process simulation is conducted. Aniline is found to be a very effective entrainer to enhance the relative volatility between methanol and dimethyl carbonate. A problem with small heavy-boiler impurities in the feed stream of the extractive distillation process is also pointed out, with a practical solution given for this problem. Simple overall control strategy of this process is also proposed to maintain product purity despite various feed disturbances. Only one tray temperature control loop is required for each of the columns.
__label__0, Although the skill of guessing word meanings from context is widely acknowledged as a useful skill there has been little research in this area and very little useful guidance for teachers or learners. This article describes a strategy for guessing meanings from context and suggests ways of practising this strategy. The strategy involves four steps: 1, determining the part of speech of the word; 2, looking at the immediate grammar; 3, studying the wider context (usually the conjunction relationships); 4, guessing the word and checking the guess. A basic list of conjunction relationships is given in the Appendix. The previous research, and value and applications of the skill are discussed and suggestions are made for future studies.
__label__0, Online measurement of the average particle size is typically unavailable in industrial cobalt oxalate synthesis process, soft sensor prediction of the important quality variable is therefore required. Cobalt oxalate synthesis process is a complex multivariable and highly nonlinear process. In this paper, an effective soft sensor based on least squares support vector regression (LSSVR) with dual updating is developed for prediction the average particle size. In this soft sensor model, the methods of moving window LSSVR (MWLSSVR) updating and the model output offset updating is activated based on model performance assessment. Feasibility and efficiency of the proposed soft sensor are demonstrated through the application to an industrial cobalt oxalate synthesis process.
__label__0, Early detection and diagnosis of faults in industrial machines would reduce the maintenance cost and also increase the overall equipment effectiveness by increasing the availability of the machinery systems. In this paper, a semi-nonparametric approach based on hidden Markov model is introduced for fault detection and diagnosis in synchronous motors. In this approach, after training the hidden Markov model classifiers (parametric stage), two matrices named probabilistic transition frequency profile and average probabilistic emission are computed based on the hidden Markov models for each signature (nonparametric stage) using probabilistic inference. These matrices are later used in forming a similarity scoring function, which is the basis of the classification in this approach. Moreover, a preprocessing method, named squeezing and stretching is proposed which rectifies the difficulty of dealing with various operating speeds in the classification process. Finally, the experimental results are provided and compared. Further investigations are carried out, providing sensitivity analysis on the length of signatures, the number of hidden state values, as well as statistical performance evaluation and comparison with conventional hidden Markov model-based fault diagnosis approach. Results indicate that implementation of the proposed preprocessing, which unifies the signatures from various operating speeds, increases the classification accuracy by nearly 21% and moreover utilization of the proposed semi-nonparametric approach improves the accuracy further by nearly 6%.
__label__0, The persistence of pond-breeding amphibian populations is influenced on different spatial scales ranging from the individual breeding pond to surrounding habitat patches to landscape clusters of breeding pond populations. The connectivity among breeding ponds as well as the availability of suitable terrestrial habitats surrounding the ponds plays a major role in long-term viability of amphibian species. Besides road traffic and urban structures agricultural land activity can disrupt landscape connectivity through the use of pesticides, fertilizers and physical activity such as tillage. We developed an expert-based model to assess the impact of agricultural management measures on the migration area and terrestrial habitat availability for seven amphibian species. The model is based on a Habitat Suitability Index to identify suitable terrestrial habitats and includes a landscape permeability approach. Size of migration areas, connectivity of breeding ponds and number of reachable terrestrial habitats were modeled considering species-specific migration ranges and habitat preferences. We consider how pesticides application might lead to fragmentation and isolation of amphibian breeding pond populations. Therefore the potential disrupting impact of pesticides was simulated by inflating landscape resistance to medium and high migration cost. One amphibian species showed a decrease of migration area by 48.3% and a decrease of reachable terrestrial habitats by 41.5% at high migration costs. Three additional species showed a decrease of their migration areas between 31.5 and 35.7%. At increased migration cost, some of the investigated populations were isolated at breeding pond level or restricted to pond clusters. Our model could be used to prioritize conservation efforts for pond-breeding amphibians with adequate consideration of agricultural land use and its impact on amphibian migration.
__label__0, Rapid and accurate diagnostic tests for Clostridium difficile infections (CDI) are crucial for management of patients with suspected CDI and for infection control. Enzyme immunoassays for detection of the toxins are routinely used but lack adequate sensitivity. We generated slow off-rate modified aptamers (SOMAmer™ reagents) via in vitro selection (SELEX) that bind toxins A, B and binary toxin with high affinity and specificity. Using SOMAmers alone or in conjunction with antibodies, we have developed toxin assays with a 1 pmol/L (300 pg/mL) limit of detection and a 3 log dynamic range. SOMAmers proved useful as capture or detection agents in equilibrium solution binding radioassays, pull-down capture assays, dot blots, and plate- or membrane-based sandwich assays, thus represent a promising alternative to antibodies in diagnostic applications. SOMAmers detected toxins A, B and binary toxin in culture supernatants from toxigenic C. difficile, including a BI/NAP1 strain and historic strains.
__label__0, Cellulose–SiO2 composite hydrogel was prepared by combining the NaOH/thiourea/H2O solvent system and the immersion method with controlling the hydrolysis–fasculation rate of tetraethyl orthosilicate (TEOS). The hydrophobic composite aerogels were obtained through the freeze-drying technology and the cold plasma modification technology. Composite SiO2 could obviously reduce the thermal conductivity of cellulose aerogel. The thermal conductivity could be as low as 0.026 W/(mK). The thermal insulation mechanism of the aerogel material was discussed. Composite SiO2 reduced hydrophilicity of cellulose aerogel, but environmental humidity had a significant influence on heat insulation performance. After hydrophobic modification using CCl4 as plasma was conducted, the surface of composite aerogel was changed from hydrophilic to hydrophobic and water contact angle was as high as 132°. The modified composite aerogel still kept good heat insulation performance. This work provided a foundation for the possibility of applying cellulose–SiO2 composite aerogel in the insulating material field.
__label__0, The orexin system plays a pivotal role in the regulation of the sleep/wake state. Almorexant is a selective, orally available dual orexin receptor antagonist. This study evaluated the pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) interactions between almorexant (200 mg p.o.) and alcohol (0.6 g/L i.v. ethanol clamp for 5 h) using various cognitive and psychomotor performance tests in healthy subjects (n=20; 10 males and 10 females) in a 4-way crossover study. No effect of almorexant on ethanol PK was observed. The effects of ethanol on the PK of almorexant were limited, its exposure (AUC) increased by 21%; the median difference in tmax was 1.2 h; t1/2 and Cmax of almorexant were unchanged. Almorexant showed decreases in adaptive tracking performance, saccadic peak velocity, and subjective alertness as assessed by visual analog scale (VAS) of Bond and Lader, but had no or small effects on smooth pursuit eye movements, body sway, VAS for alcohol intoxication, and a memory test. Almorexant administered together with ethanol showed additive effects for adaptive tracking performance, saccadic peak velocity, subjective alertness and, possibly, calmness, but not on body sway, smooth pursuit, VAS for alcohol intoxication, or memory testing. To conclude, administration of almorexant together with ethanol was associated with additive effects for some of the measured cognitive and psychomotor performance tests. No indications of synergistic effects of almorexant and ethanol for any measured variable were observed.
__label__0, Cathepsin L (MrCathL) was identified from a constructed cDNA library of freshwater prawn Macrobrachium rosenbergii. MrCathL full-length cDNA is 1161 base pairs (bp) with an ORF of 1026 bp which encodes a polypeptide of 342 amino acid (aa) long. The eukaryotic cysteine proteases, histidine and asparagine active site residues were identified in the aa sequence of MrCathL at 143–154, 286–296 and 304–323, respectively. The pair wise clustalW analysis of MrCathL showed the highest similarity (97%) with the homologous cathepsin L from Macrobrachium nipponense and the lowest similarity (70%) from human. Phylogenetic analysis revealed two distinct clusters of the invertebrates and vertebrates cathepsin L in the phylogenetic tree. MrCathL and cathepsin L from M. nipponense were clustered together, formed a sister group to cathepsin L of Penaeus monodon, and finally clustered to Lepeophtheirus salmonis. High level of (P < 0.05) MrCathL gene expression was noticed in haemocyte and lowest in eyestalk. Furthermore, the MrCathL gene expression in M. rosenbergii was up-regulated in haemocyte by virus [M. rosenbergii nodovirus (MrNV) and white spot syndrome baculovirus (WSBV)] and bacteria (Vibrio harveyi and Aeromonas hydrophila). The recombinant MrCathL exhibited a wide range of activity in various pH between 3 and 10 and highest at pH 7.5. Cysteine proteinase (stefin A, stefin B and antipain) showed significant influence (100%) on recombinant MrCathL enzyme activity. The relative activity and residual activity of recombinant MrCathL against various metal ions or salts and detergent tested at different concentrations. These results indicated that the metal ions, salts and detergent had an influence on the proteinase activity of recombinant MrCathL. Conclusively, the results of this study imply that MrCathL has high pH stability and is fascinating object for further research on the function of cathepsin L in prawn innate immune system.
__label__0, Novel N-(benzo[d]thiazol-2-ylcarbamoyl)-2-methyl-4-oxoquinazoline-3(4H)-carbothioamide derivatives were synthesized and evaluation of their anticonvulsant effects was done using various models of experimental epilepsy. Initial anticonvulsant activities of the compounds were investigated using intraperitoneal (i.p.) maximal electroshock shock (MES), subcutaneous pentylenetetrazole (scPTZ) seizure models in mice. The quantitative assessment after oral administration in rats showed that the most active was 2-methyl-4-oxo-N-(6-(trifluoromethoxy)benzo[d]thiazol-2-ylcarbamoyl)quinazoline-3(4H)-carbothioamide (SA 24) with ED50 values of 82.5 μmol/kg (MES) and 510.5 μmol/kg (scPTZ). This molecule was more potent than phenytoin and ethosuximide which were used as reference antiepileptic drugs. To explain the possible mechanism for anticonvulsant action, some of the selected active compounds were subjected to GABA (γ-amino butyric acid) assay and AMPA ((S)-2-amino-3-(3-hydroxyl-5-methyl-4-isoxazolyl) propionic acid) induced seizure test.
__label__0, Biogenic vaterite is extremely rare. The only known example of a completely vateritic mineralized structure is the spicule of the solitary ascidian, Herdmania momus. In characterizing the structure of these spicules, using state-of-the-art techniques such as synchrotron X-ray diffraction and synchrotron micro- and nanotomography, we observed a continuous structural pattern from the macro down to the micro, nano, and atomic scales. We show that the spicules demonstrate a unique architecture composed of micron-sized, hexagonally faceted thorns organized in partial spirals along the cylinder-like polycrystalline body of the spicule, and tilted from it at an angle of about 26°. This morphological orientation coincides with the crystallographic orientation relationship between each thorn and the polycrystals within the spicule. Hence the entire spicule grows along the [0 1 1] direction of vaterite while the individual thorns grow along the [0 0 1] direction. This, together with the presence of both inter- and intra-crystalline organic phases, beautifully displays the organism’s ability to achieve perfect control of mineralization biologically while employing an unstable polymorph of calcium carbonate: vaterite.
__label__0, Interoperability in e-government has been recognized as a key factor in the quest of administrations at national, local and international level to achieve the provision of one-stop services to citizens and businesses. Interoperability in e-government should enable efficient information exchange between applications from different agencies with the help of IT-services. Interoperability in networked IT-service delivery is accomplished by e-infrastructures. However, knowledge of how to develop e-infrastructures in the public sector is still limited. In this paper we report a design science case study of the initial stage of the design of a public sector e-infrastructure in the social welfare sector, especially addressing the bootstrap problem, i.e. the initial problem of starting-up the development of an e-infrastructure. Six types of preconditions for the development of the e-infrastructure are examined and explained: legal, economical, organizational and the installed base of the as-is e-infrastructure consisting of technical, informational and contractual preconditions. From a design and action oriented perspective we claim that a basic understanding of the design context, within which the six types of preconditions have to be analyzed and understood, are essential for e-infrastructure development in an e-government context. The paper highlights the fundamental role of regulations as a precondition for the design, and the fundamental role of lawyers as designers of e-infrastructures in the public sector.
__label__0, Fruit fly infestation can be a serious problem in pickling cucumber production. In the United States and many other countries, there is zero tolerance for fruit flies in pickled cucumber products. Currently, processors rely on manual inspection to detect and remove fruit fly-infested cucumbers, which is labor intensive and also prone to error due to human fatigue and the difficulty of visually detecting infestation that is hidden inside the fruit. In this research, a laboratory hyperspectral imaging system operated in an integrated mode of reflectance and transmittance was used to detect fruit fly-infested pickling cucumbers. Hyperspectral reflectance (450–740 nm) and transmittance (740–1000 nm) images were acquired simultaneously for 329 normal (infestation-free) and fruit fly-infested pickling cucumbers of three size classes with the mean diameters of 16.8, 22.1, and 27.6 mm, respectively. Mean spectra were extracted from the hyperspectral image of each cucumber, and they were then corrected for the fruit size effect using a diameter correction equation. Partial least squares discriminant analyses for the reflectance, transmittance and their combined data were performed for differentiating normal and infested pickling cucumbers. With reflectance mode, the overall classification accuracies for the three size classes and the mixed class were between 82% and 88%, whereas transmittance achieved better classification results with the overall accuracies of 88–93%. Integration of reflectance and transmittance did not result in noticeable improvements, compared to transmittance mode. The hyperspectral imaging system performed better than manual inspection, which had an overall accuracy of 75% and whose performance decreased significantly for smaller size cucumbers. This research demonstrated that hyperspectral imaging is potentially useful for detecting fruit fly-infested pickling cucumbers.
__label__0, Two polymeric ionic liquids, 3-(but-3″-en-1″-yl)-1-[2′-hydroxycyclohexyl]-1H-imidazol-3-ium bis(trifluoromethanesulfonyl)imide (IL-1) and 1-(2′-hydroxycyclohexyl)-3-(4″-vinylbenzyl)-1H-imidazol-3-ium bis(trifluoromethylsulfonyl)imide (IL-2), have been synthesized by a free radical polymerization reaction and used as coatings for solid-phase microextraction (SPME). These new fibers exhibit good film stability, high thermal stability (270–290 °C) and long lifetimes, and are used for the extraction of volatile compounds in lemon beer using gas chromatography separation and flame ionization detection. The scanning electron micrographs of the fiber surface revealed a polymeric ionic liquid (PIL) film, which is distributed homogeneously on the fiber. The developed PIL fiber showed good linearity between 50 and 2000 μg/L with regression coefficients in the range of 0.996–0.999. The relative standard deviations (RSD) obtained in the peak area were found to vary between 1% and 12%, which assured that adequate repeatability was achieved. The spiked recoveries for three beer samples ranged from 78.4% to 123.6%. Experimental design has been employed in the optimization of extraction factors and robustness assessment. The polymeric IL-1 butenyl fiber showed a greater efficiency compared to the PDMS-DVB (65 μm) and CAR-PDMS (75 μm) for the extraction of all of the analytes studied.
__label__0, Ag nanoclusters (NCs) possessed distinct physical and chemical attributes that made them excellent scaffolds for the development of novel bio-analytical methodology. In the present work, a green approach for the preparation of Ag nanoclusters (NCs) was proposed on the basis of templated polyethyleneimine (PEI) assisted in-situ reductive crystallization of Ag (I), and then a sensitive resonance light scattering bioassay for the determination of heparin was established on the basis of the enhanced resonance light scattering of the PEI-capped Ag NCs during the presence of heparin. Further investigation indicated that the molecular weight of PEI, the PEI/Ag (I) ratio and the pH value of reaction conditions had great influence on the formation of Ag NCs, which was directly correlated to resonance light scattering. The bioassay allows sensitive and selective detection of heparin with a detection limit of 27.5 nM, and successfully applied for the determination of heparin in human serum samples.
__label__0, The photocatalytic hydrogen (H2) generation by the high nuclearity Co substituted polyoxometalates (POMs), K10Na12[{Co3(B-β-SiW9O33(OH))(B-β-SiW8O29 (OH)2)}2]·49H2O (abbreviated as CoPOM) was reported. Owing to the multielectron redox capabilities of the high nuclearity CoPOM, the POM showed excellent photocatalytic activities toward H2 evolution in both molecule scale (homogeneous) and composite (heterogeneous) systems. The photocatalytic activities of CoPOM were much better than H3PW12O40. UV–Vis–NIR absorption spectral, Raman spectral, cyclic voltammetric behavior and intermittent photoelectrochemical current response were used to characterize the structure of the TiO2/CoPOM composite and interaction between TiO2 and CoPOM. Analogous “Z-scheme” and “dye” sensitized mechanisms were proposed for the homogeneous and heterogeneous systems toward photocatalytic H2 evolution under solar light irradiation, respectively.
__label__0, We report for the first time the synthesis of carbon nanofilaments using intermetallic Cu–Sn catalysts. The synthesis was achieved by the catalytic decomposition of C2H2 over a mixture of SnO2 and CuO particles. Also, we have investigated the effect of synthesis conditions on the morphology of carbon nanofilaments and the role of Cu–Sn catalysts in the growth mechanism. The weight ratio of SnO2 and CuO determined the phase of the Cu–Sn intermetallic compound. Favorable growth of carbon nanofilaments was observed at a weight ratio of approximately 1:2, which induces the formation of intermetallic Cu41Sn11 nanostructures. Structures observed at different synthesis pressures and temperatures included carbon nanofibers, carbon nanotubes (CNTs), and catalyst-filled CNTs. This morphological change of carbon nanofilaments was because of the change in C2H2 concentration in the reactor and the phase change of the Cu41Sn11 nanostructures. The observation of the growth of carbon nanofilament with increasing synthesis time confirmed the evolution of intermetallic Cu41Sn11 catalysts and the tip-growth mechanism of carbon nanofilaments. This synthesis methodology could be extended for similar syntheses using Sn-based alloy catalysts and direct growth of carbon nanofilaments on 3D substrates such as carbon fiber papers and a Cu foam, showing its potential for practical applications.
__label__0, Angiotensin-(1–12) [Ang-(1–12)], a newer member of angiotensin peptides, is proposed to be converted enzymatically to angiotensin I (Ang I) and to angiotensin II (Ang II); the latter being the bioactive peptide. We studied the Ang-(1–12) and Ang II responses in COS-7 cells or CHO cells transfected with 5 μg AT1R by monitoring [Ca2+]i using the Fluo-4. Ang II (1 pM–1 μM) and Ang-(1–12) (5 pM–5 μM) increased [Ca2+]i with an EC50 of 0.19 nM and 24 nM in COS-7 cells; and 0.65 nM and 28.7 nM in CHO cells. The AT1R antagonist losartan (1 nM–10 μM) suppressed [Ca2+]i induced by Ang-(1–12) and Ang II. In CHO cells transfected with 5 μg AT2R, Ang II (1 pM-1 μM) increased [Ca2+]i, with an EC50 of 9.68 nM; whereas, Ang-(1–12) (5 pM–5 μM) failed to elicit a significant change in [Ca2+]i. In CHO cells transfected with AT1R, Ang-(1–12) stimulated ERK phosphorylation with a potency 300-fold less than that of Ang II. To evaluate the activity of Ang-(1–12) on native AT1R, whole cell patch recordings were made from neurons in the rat hypothalamic slices. Ang II or Ang-(1–12) ejected by pressure from a micropipette elicited a membrane depolarization; the latter was blocked by losartan (10 μM), and not affected by the AT2R antagonist PD123319 (10 μM), nor by the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor captopril (10 μM). Our result shows that Ang-(1–12) may produce its biological activity by acting directly on AT1R, albeit at a concentration higher than that of Ang II.
__label__0, Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) are one of the most crucial topics in rare cell biology and have become the focus of a significant and emerging area of cancer research. While CTC enumeration is a valid biomarker in prostate cancer, the current FDA-approved CTC technology is unable to detect CTCs in a large portion of late stage prostate cancer patients. Here we introduce the NanoVelcro CTC Chip, a device composed of a patterned silicon nanowire substrate (SiNW) and an overlaid polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) chaotic mixer. Validated by two institutions participating in the study, the NanoVelcro Chip assay exhibits very consistent efficiency in CTC-capture from patient samples. The utilized protocol can be easily replicated at different facilities. We demonstrate the clinical utility of the NanoVelcro Chip by performing serial enumerations of CTCs in prostate cancer patients after undergoing systemic therapy. Changes in CTC numbers after 4–10 weeks of therapy were compared with their clinical responses. We observed a statistically significant reduction in CTCs counts in the clinical responders. We performed long-term follow up with serial CTC collection and enumeration in one patient observing variations in counts correlating with treatment response. This study demonstrates the consistency of the NanoVelcro Chip assay over time for CTC enumeration and also shows that continuous monitoring of CTC numbers can be employed to follow responses to different treatments and monitor disease progression.
__label__0, Parkinson's disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disease, and is characterised by the progressive degeneration of the nigrostriatal dopaminergic (DA) system. Current treatments are symptomatic, and do not protect against the DA neuronal loss. One of the most promising treatment approaches is the application of neurotrophic factors to rescue the remaining population of nigrostriatal DA neurons. Therefore, the identification of new neurotrophic factors for midbrain DA neurons, and the subsequent elucidation of the molecular bases of their effects, are important. Two related members of the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family, BMP2 and growth differentiation factor 5 (GDF5), have been shown to have neurotrophic effects on midbrain DA neurons both in vitro and in vivo. However, the molecular (signalling pathway(s)) and cellular (direct neuronal or indirect via glial cells) mechanisms of their effects remain to be elucidated. Using the SH-SH5Y human neuronal cell line, as a model of human midbrain DA neurons, we have shown that GDF5 and BMP2 induce neurite outgrowth via a direct mechanism. Furthermore, we demonstrate that these effects are dependent on BMP type I receptor activation of canonical Smad 1/5/8 signalling.
__label__0, In continuation with our previous work in anti-TB research area, in the present study we have demonstrated the structural diversity of quinolylhydrazides as potent anti-tuberculars. The compound library was synthesized by molecular hybridization approach and tested in vitro against Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv strains. Among the designed conjugates, the most promising molecules were found to exhibit 100% Growth Inhibition (GI) at MIC <6.25 μg/mL. Moreover, several analogs in the designed series were also turned out as excellent anti-tuberculars. To probe the structural characteristics influencing on the SAR, the classification model was generated using a binary QSAR approach termed recursive partitioning (RP) analysis. The significant features outlined by the RP model act as a guide in order to design the ‘lead’ compound.
__label__0, Gold nanoparticles were prepared in surfactant solutions by reduction of HAuCl4 under UV irradiation without adding extra reductants or other organic substances. The effect of the structure and the property of surfactant on the size and the optical properties of prepared gold nanoparticles were studied. It was found that the longer the alkyl chain of the surfactant, the larger gold particles are obtained. On the other hand, lengthen the geminis spacer benefits the formation of smaller gold particles. The formation of adduct micelles composed of the charged surface active portion of the surfactant molecule and the (AuIIICl4)− ion in cationic surfactant solution serves as the gold source and favors the formation of gold particles with larger sizes. While the repulsion between the (AuIIICl4)− ion and the negative charged surface of anionic surfactant micelle is in favor of the formation of gold nanoparticles with smaller sizes. The nonionic surfactants can also assist the formation of dispersed gold nanoparticles.
__label__0, Biosynthesized silver nanoparticles were synthesized with the aid of a novel, non-toxic, eco-friendly bio-logical material, namely aloe leaf extract (ALE). Crushed, ultrasound treated, decolorized aqueous aloe leaf extract was used for capping silver nitrate. Silver nanoparticles were formed when the reaction conditions were altered with respect to concentration of silver nitrate, consumption of hydrazine hydrate, ALE content and incubation temperature. The colorless reaction mixtures turned brown and displayed UV–visible spectra characteristic of silver nanoparticles. Transmission electron microscope (TEM) observation revealed the predominance of silver nanosized crystallites after short incubation period. After the reaction mixtures were incubated for 30 days, the presence of silver nanoparticles was confirmed by X-ray diffraction analysis. Great antimicrobial activity against bacterial cultures was displayed by these formed silver nanoparticles.
__label__0, An efficient and simple approach of the synthesis of some spiro indeno[1,2-b]quinoxalines via a one-pot three-component reaction of 11H-indeno[1,2-b]quinoxalin-11-one, pyrazolone, and malononitrile in the presence of Na2CO3 at 70 °C is reported. This reaction has shown to have high atom economy.
__label__0, The electronic structure of 5-arylidene-2,4-thiazolidinediones has been studied by using experimental and theoretical methodology. The theoretical calculations of the investigated 5-arylidene-2,4-thiazolidinediones have been performed by the use of quantum chemical methods. The calculated 13C NMR chemical shifts and NBO atomic charges provide an insight into the influence of such a structure on the transmission of electronic substituent effects. Linear free energy relationships (LFERs) have been further applied to their 13C NMR chemical shifts. The correlation analyses for the substituent-induced chemical shifts (SCS) have been performed with σ using SSP (single substituent parameter), field (σF) and resonance (σR) parameters using DSP (dual substituent parameter), as well as the Yukawa–Tsuno model. The presented correlations account satisfactorily for the polar and resonance substituent effects operative at Cβ, and C7 carbons, while reverse substituent effect was found for Cα. The comparison of correlation results for the investigated molecules with those obtained for seven structurally related styrene series has indicated that specific cross-interaction of phenyl substituent and groups attached at Cβ carbon causes increased sensitivity of SCS Cβ to the resonance effect with increasing of electron-accepting capabilities of the group present at Cβ.
__label__0, This paper will review recent progress on developing a unified theory for complex networks from biological systems and physics to engineering and technology. Insights into what the potential universal laws, architecture, and organizational principles are can be drawn from three converging research themes: growing attention to complexity and robustness in systems biology, layering and organization in network technology, and new mathematical frameworks for the study of complex networks. We will illustrate how tools in robust control theory and optimization can be integrated towards such unified theory by focusing on their applications in biology, physics, network design, and electric grid.
__label__0, Due to their cannabis-like effects, synthetic cannabinoids have attracted much public attention since 2008. Thus, elucidation of the metabolic pattern and the detection of the intake of these drugs have been of major concern. In order to suggest appropriate urinary biomarkers to prove JWH-018 or JWH-073 intake, we selected the major metabolites of JWH-018 and JWH-073, namely (ω)-, (ω-1)-hydroxy, carboxy and 6-hydroxyindole metabolites, and validated a method for the quantification of these metabolites using solid-phase extraction based on LC–MS/MS analysis. Authentic urine specimens obtained from drug offenders were screened via a synthetic cannabinoid ELISA kit and were analyzed by LC–MS/MS for confirmation. Twenty-one out of a total of 52 samples (40%) were found positive for at least one metabolite of JWH-018 or JWH-073. N-pentyl hydroxy metabolites of JWH-018 and carboxy metabolites of JWH-018 and JWH-073 were detected in all positive samples. However, the rest of the metabolites were either not detected or only a small amount of them were found. A considerable variation was observed in the concentration ratio of (ω) and (ω-1)-hydroxy metabolites of JWH-018. Based on the results, it may have some pitfalls to determine the ingestion of specific synthetic cannabinoids by detecting a few metabolites, considering the continuous emergence of structurally related synthetic cannabinoids. Thus, use of synthetic cannabinoids should be proven carefully through comprehensive investigation of analytical results of biological specimens.
__label__0, A universal scaling relationship is developed that describes the dynamic compressive strength of brittle solids. The scaling is based on the micromechanics of the growth of cracks from populations of initial flaws, and captures the fundamental dynamics of rapidly growing and interacting cracks. A characteristic stress and a characteristic strain rate are defined in terms of material and microstructural properties. The resulting model compares well with the available experimental data for ceramics and geologic materials, and demonstrates specific scaling of strength with strain rate for compressive behavior.
__label__0, Objectives: Systemic sclerosis is a multi-system disorder of connective tissue characterized by Raynaud's phenomenon and fibrosis of various organs. The risk of development of cancer in systemic sclerosis (SSc) has been extensively investigated with inconclusive results. To shed some light on the controversy, we conducted a meta-analysis of all published articles linking SSc to the risk of cancer development. Methods: Relevant electronic databases were searched for English-language studies characterizing the association of cancers in patients with SSc. Standardized incidence rate (SIR) with its 95% confidence interval (CI) of each study was combined using a fixed/random effect model. Results: A total of seven papers including 7183 SSc patients were identified, of which 7 reported the SIR for lung cancer, 4 for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) and 4 for hematopoietic cancer and 7 for breast cancer. Compared with the general population, the combined SIR was 3.14 (95% CI: 2.02–4.89), 2.68 (95% CI: 1.58–4.56), 2.57 (95% CI: 1.79–3.68) and 1.09 (95% CI: 0.86–1.38), respectively. Significant heterogeneity was observed in lung cancer group (Q = 26.13, P < 0.001, I2 = 77%). Potential publication bias was absent. Conclusions: This present meta-analysis demonstrated an increased risk of lung, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and hematopoietic cancers among patients with SSc, but not for breast cancer. However, some of the available data were several decades old, and future studies taking new treatment strategies into account are required.
__label__0, We report a high (∼94%) yield synthesis of intrinsic zinc oxide (ZnO) nanocrystal powders having crystallite sizes in the range 13–35 nm using a novel gel-incineration method with inexpensive precursor salts and citric acid as chelating agent. The influence of various precursor chemicals on the nanocrystallite size, morphology and luminescent properties has been studied in detail. It was identified that the ZnO nanocrystals prepared using organic precursor resulted the smallest crystallite size as compared to inorganic precursors. Reaction temperature was optimized to be ∼900 °C by simultaneous thermogravimetric analysis and differential scanning calorimetry studies. Morphology and microstructure of the ZnO nanocrystals have been studied using a scanning electron microscopy. Analysis of photoluminescence excitation and emission spectra enabled us to calculate the band gap energy and defect analysis of as prepared ZnO nanocrystals respectively. The stability of ZnO nanocrystals in water has been verified on time scale and its potential use has been successfully demonstrated for security marker applications.
__label__0, This paper investigates the state estimation problem for a class of stochastic nonlinear differential systems. A novel algorithm is proposed, denoted as Observer Follower Filter (OFF), based on a two-steps, mixed approach: the first step makes use of a high-gain observer-based estimator for nonlinear systems, applied to the system equations in order to provide the trajectory around which a ν -degree Carleman approximation of the stochastic differential system is achieved, second step. In principle, any other high-gain estimator can be used, but in this note we prove that the one here proposed provides a bounded mean square error. Numerical simulations show the effectiveness of the proposed methodology, and the improvements of the OFF with respect to the standard Extended Kalman–Bucy Filter (EKBF) obtained by increasing the order of the Carleman approximation.
__label__0, In this study, we performed in vitro and in vivo studies to examine whether a 70% ethanol extract of Prunus mume fruits (EMS) exhibits anti-diabetic effects. Treatment with EMS increased glucose uptake in C2C12 myotubes, and also increased PPAR-γ activity or PPAR-γ mRNA expression. To confirm these in vitro results, we next conducted an animal experiment. A high-fat diet significantly increased the body weight, fat accumulation, and glucose levels in mice. Under the same conditions, 5% EMS attenuated the high-fat diet-induced increase in body weight and fat accumulation and improved the impaired fasting glucose level and glucose tolerance. High performance liquid chromatography analysis demonstrated that EMS contained chlorogenic acid, caffeic acid, rutin, luteolin-7-glucoside, naringin, apigenin-7-glucoside, and hesperidin. Taken together, these findings suggest that EMS exerts an anti-diabetic effect both in vitro and in vivo, which is mediated, at least in part, by the activation of PPAR-γ.
__label__0, For the vector-valued Hardy space H 2 ( U ) and the standard weighted Bergman space A n ( Y ) with coefficient Hilbert spaces U and Y , we single out a class of contractive multipliers from H 2 ( U ) to A n ( Y ) which we call partially isometric multipliers. We then show that a closed subspace M ⊂ A n ( Y ) is invariant under the shift operator S n : f ( z ) ↦ z f ( z ) if and only if M = Φ ⋅ H 2 ( U ) for some partially isometric multiplier Φ from H 2 ( U ) to A n ( Y ) .
__label__0, In this contribution, phase behavior and the Schulman's cosurfactant titration of a quaternary water-in-oil microemulsion, formed from equimolar cationic [alkyltrimethylammonium bromide (CnTAB)] and nonionic [polyoxyethylene (20) cetyl ether (C16E20)] surfactants, n-pentanol (Pn) and n-heptane or isopropyl myristate, have been studied along with the variation in alkyl chain length of the cationic surfactant, Cn (n = 12, 14, 16 and 18) at a fixed water content (ω = 25) and temperature (303 K). The synergies in single-phase microemulsion zone, interfacial composition and the spontaneity of formation of mixed surfactant microemulsions have been observed with increase in Cn (n = 12 → 18). Further, the effect of the variation of Cn (n = 12 → 18) on the interface vis-à-vis interdroplet interaction, morphology and the dynamics of confined water of these systems have been examined by means of viscosity, dynamic light scattering (DLS), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) measurements. The increase in the Cn (n = 12 → 18) leads to shrink the droplet size as well as increase in the droplet numbers. Subsequently, the change in droplet size affects the states of water organization (bulk and bound) inside the pool. Additionally, the influence of different inorganic salts [normal salt (NaCl), precursor salt for nanoparticle synthesis (NiCl2, FeCl3), water structure affective salt (KF, KI)] on the transfer process of Pn (oil →  interface) at equimolar composition (of both surfactants) has been investigated. FTIR measurement (via D2O probing) indicates that the presence of salts significantly modifies the water structure in confined environment.
__label__0, The ability of alternative aqueous biphasic systems (ABS) composed of polyethylene glycol and imidazolium-based ionic liquids (ILs) to selectively separate similar biomolecules was here investigated. The preferential partitioning of three alkaloids (caffeine, xanthine and nicotine) was addressed by means of their partition coefficients and selectivity values. Aiming at optimizing the selectivity of the studied ABS, factors such as the chemical structure of the IL (cation side alkyl chain length, number of aliphatic moieties or their functionalization, and the anion nature) and the temperature of equilibrium were experimentally addressed. In almost all examples it was observed a preferential concentration of caffeine in the polymer-rich phase whereas nicotine and xanthine preferentially migrate to the (opposite) IL-rich phase. In spite of the alkaloids chemical similarities, the studied ABS presented selectivity values of xanthine vs. caffeine as large as 19. The gathered results show that polymer-IL-based ABS allow the selective separation of similar structures by an adequate manipulation of the IL chemical structure and temperature of equilibrium, and can be envisaged as potential platforms to be applied in countercurrent chromatography.
__label__0, Lung cancer is one of the leading causes of death from malignancy worldwide. In particular small cell lung cancers, which comprise about 15–20% of all lung cancers, are extremely aggressive and cure rates are extremely low. Therefore, new treatment modalities are needed and detection at an early stage of disease, as well as adequate monitoring of treatment response is essential in order to improve outcome. In this respect, the use of non-invasive tools for screening and monitoring has gained increasing interest and the clinical applicability of reliable, tumor-related substances that can be detected as tumor markers in easily accessible body fluids is subject of intense investigation. Some of these indicators, such as high LDH levels in serum as a reflection of the disease, have been in use for a long time as a general tumor marker. To allow for improved monitoring of the efficacy of new therapeutic modalities and for accurate subtyping, there is a strong need for specific and sensitive markers that are more directly related to the biology and behavior of small cell lung cancer. In this review the current status of these potential markers, like CEA, NSE, ProGRP, CK-BB, SCC, CgA, NCAM and several cytokeratins will be critically analyzed with respect to their performance in blood based assays. Based on known cleavage sites for cytoplasmic and extracellular proteases, a prediction of stable fragments can be obtained and used for optimal test design. Furthermore, insight into the synthesis of specific splice variants and neo-epitopes resulting from protein modification and cleavage, offers further opportunities for improvement of tumor assays.
__label__0, Necrotizing fasciitis (NF) of cervical region is an uncommon sequelae of odontogenic infection. It has been described in the past with different names such as hospital gangrene, necrotizing erysipelas, haemolytic streptococcal gangrene, suppurative fasciitis, bacterial synergistic gangrene and acute dermal gangrene [1], [2].
__label__0, The online encyclopedia Wikipedia is a vast, constantly evolving tapestry of interlinked articles. For developers and researchers it represents a giant multilingual database of concepts and semantic relations, a potential resource for natural language processing and many other research areas. This paper introduces the Wikipedia Miner toolkit, an open-source software system that allows researchers and developers to integrate Wikipediaʼs rich semantics into their own applications. The toolkit creates databases that contain summarized versions of Wikipediaʼs content and structure, and includes a Java API to provide access to them. Wikipediaʼs articles, categories and redirects are represented as classes, and can be efficiently searched, browsed, and iterated over. Advanced features include parallelized processing of Wikipedia dumps, machine-learned semantic relatedness measures and annotation features, and XML-based web services. Wikipedia Miner is intended to be a platform for sharing data mining techniques.
__label__0, DNA mismatch repair (MMR) has been recently implicated to play a significant role in breast cancer progression, however, few studies have examined how various carcinogens affect MMR system in breast cancer cells. The present study employs an in vivo MMR assay developed in our laboratory to assess how prevalent environmental carcinogens such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) affect MMR activity in human breast carcinoma cells. Specifically, we quantitatively measured MMR activity in ZR75-1 cells after they were exposed to benzo[α]pyrene (BaP), a prototypical PAH, at various concentrations. Our findings revealed that BaP exposure at high concentrations of 1 and 5 μM induced significant inhibition of MMR activity in ZR75-1 cells. Further, we also identified that MMR repression induced by 5 μM BaP was mediated through one of the MMR key proteins MSH6 as significant reduction in protein level was detected by western blot. More importantly, ectopic expression of hMSH6 restored MMR activity in the BaP treated cells to the same level as in the control cells. Impaired MMR plays an important role in carcinogenesis. Our findings suggest that BaP induced repression of MMR activity may also contribute to the progression of mutagenesis event. Meanwhile, the present study also for the first demonstrated that our in vivo DNA MMR assay can be applied in the field of environmental toxicology.
__label__0, Second-order inelastic analysis (advanced analysis) is a new paradigm in structural steel design. This paper examines the provisions for design by advanced analysis in the Australian Steel Standard (AS4100), and the AISC Specification (AISC 360-10). The Australian Standard AS4100 uses a reduced section yield surface to incorporate resistance factors, while AISC 360 requires that the strength and stiffness of all members and connections are reduced by a factor of 0.9 to account for the uncertainties in member strength and stiffness. Another way to incorporate the resistance factor in advanced analysis is to use a system resistance factor for the frame strength. This paper presents a case study for the design of a typical semi-rigid steel scaffold structure using these three different design-by-advanced analysis methods. The paper also discusses the challenges and research needs for developing a system-based design methodology using advanced analysis.
__label__0, SnO2 nanorods with 2D network structure prepared via an effective method of using the skins of garlic bulbs as templates are examined as anode materials for Li-ion battery. The samples are composed of SnO2 nanorods with length of ca. 80 nm and possess high BET surface area of 163.25 m2 g−1. The synthesized SnO2 electrode shows a high specific capacity (ca. 620 mAh g−1), an excellent cycling stability and a good rate capability but low initial coulombic efficiency. The nanorods characteristics of SnO2 ensure the fast Li-ion diffusion in the electrode. The loose network structure provides the electrode with a sufficient void space, which sufficiently alleviates the mechanical stress caused by volume change, and thus avoids the electrode to pulverize in the charge–discharge process. Therefore, the obtained SnO2 electrode shows a good cyclic stability and a high rate performance.
__label__0, The purpose of this publication is to review the data on European neutrontherapy facilities in the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma. Data on 1171 patients treated at 11 centers were analyzed. Neutrontherapy was of advantage especially for patients with primary radiotherapy of inoperable tumors, and those with macroscopic disease after surgery. Local control was about 50% in these groups. Results for postoperative neutrontherapy after R0 and R1 resection were similiar to those for photon therapy. The incidence of late side effects was considerable. This was influenced by the fact that most patients were treated with first-generation machines.
__label__0, The ‘oxidative stress theory of aging’ predicts that aging is primarily regulated by progressive accumulation of oxidized macromolecules that cause deleterious effects to cellular homeostasis and induces a decline in physiological function. However, our reports on the detection of higher level of oxidized protein carbonyls in the soluble cellular fractions of long-living rodent naked-mole rats (NMRs, lifespan ∼30 yrs) compared to short-lived mice (lifespan ∼3.5 yrs) apparently contradicts a key tenet of the oxidative theory. As oxidation often inactivates enzyme function and induces higher-order soluble oligomers, we performed a comprehensive study to measure global protein carbonyl level in different tissues of age-matched NMRs and mice to determine if the traditional concept of oxidation mediated impairment of function and induction of higher-order structures of proteins are upheld in the NMRs. We made three intriguing observations with NMRs proteins: (1) protein carbonyl is significantly elevated across different tissues despite of its exceptional longevity, (2) enzyme function is restored despite of experiencing higher level of protein carbonylation, and (3) enzymes show lesser sensitivity to form higher-order non-reducible oligomers compared to short-living mouse proteins in response to oxidative stress. These observations were made based on the global analysis of protein carbonyl and identification of two heavily carbonylated proteins in the kidney, triosephosphate isomerase (TPI) and cytosolic peroxiredoxin (Prdx1). These un-expected intriguing observations thus strongly suggest that oxidative modification may not be the only criteria for impairment of protein and enzyme function; cellular environment is likely be the critical determining factor in this process and may be the underlying mechanism for exceptional longevity of NMR.
__label__0, A novel organic charge transfer complex, 3,5-dimethylpyrrazolinium picrate was grown and crystallized by slow evaporation solution growth method at room temperature. The absorption of the grown crystal was studied using UV–visible spectral analysis and observed that the crystal possesses minimum absorption between 250 and 900 nm. The lower cut-off wavelength and the optical transmittance window were identified by optical transmittance study. The emission spectrum of the complex shows peaks at 505 and 758 nm are due to the green and red fluorescence emissions respectively. The thermogravimetry–differential thermal analyses (TG–DTA) were used to investigate the thermal stability of the complex. The single crystal X-ray diffraction method indicates that the complex crystallizes in monoclinic system with space group P2(1)/C. The FTIR and polarised Raman spectra were used to confirm the presence of various functional groups. The different kinds of protons and carbons were assigned through NMR (1H and 13C) spectroscopic techniques. The nonlinear optical property (NLO) of the material was studied by modified Kurtz–Perry powder technique. The complex exhibits good antibacterial and antifungal activities against various bacteria and fungi species.
__label__0, MntC is a metal-binding protein component of the Mn2 +-specific mntABC transporter from the pathogen Staphylococcus aureus. The protein is expressed during the early stages of infection and was proven to be effective at reducing both S. aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis infections in a murine animal model when used as a vaccine antigen. MntC is currently being tested in human clinical trials as a component of a multiantigen vaccine for the prevention of S. aureus infections. To better understand the biological function of MntC, we are providing structural and biophysical characterization of the protein in this work. The three-dimensional structure of the protein was solved by X-ray crystallography at 2.2 Å resolution and suggests two potential metal binding modes, which may lead to reversible as well as irreversible metal binding. Precise Mn2 +-binding affinity of the protein was determined from the isothermal titration calorimetry experiments using a competition approach. Differential scanning calorimetry experiments confirmed that divalent metals can indeed bind to MntC reversibly as well as irreversibly. Finally, Mn2 +-induced structural and dynamics changes have been characterized using spectroscopic methods and deuterium–hydrogen exchange mass spectroscopy. Results of the experiments show that these changes are minimal and are largely restricted to the structural elements involved in metal coordination. Therefore, it is unlikely that antibody binding to this antigen will be affected by the occupancy of the metal-binding site by Mn2 +.
__label__0, Dorsal wrist pain frequently occurs in weight bearing through the hand in patients with distal radius stress injuries, scaphoid impaction syndrome, and dorsal impingement. To improve the wrist extension motion, joint mobilization has been used. However, there is no report on the effects of mobilization on the range of motion (ROM) and pain onset in patients with dorsal wrist pain when weight bearing through the hand.
__label__0, Separation of the influencing factors (climate, soil, variety, management) affecting crop yield could provide valuable insight into how crop responds to climate change and how crop yield can be enhanced in the future. In this study, we reported the changes of climatic conditions, soil nutrients, variety types and management practices in the Taihu region (a typical rice growing zone) of east China in two periods (the 1980s and the 2000s), and simulated the changes of rice (Oryza sativa L.) yields under different scenarios by using the APSIM-Oryza model. The contributions of the influencing factors in rice growing system were also calculated. The results revealed that there was a warming trend in the rice growing period in the Taihu region. However, the precipitation and sunshine hours in the rice growing season showed a decreasing trend in the past 30 years. Compared with the soil nutrients in the 1980s, the mean concentrations of soil organic carbon, total nitrogen, available phosphorus and potassium in the 2000s in the Taihu region were increased by 15.85%, 79.55%, 124.55% and 10.37%, respectively. The rice varieties in the 1980s could be described as the ‘panicle weight type’, while in the 2000s as the ‘panicle number type’. The differences in management practices between 1980s and 2000s were mainly attributed to the fertilization and irrigation methods. From the 1980s to 2000s, the average rice yield in the Taihu region increased by 46.3%. The individual contribution of the climate change, soil improvement, variety updating and management progress on rice productivity was estimated as −19.5%, 12.7%, 21.7% and 34.6%, respectively. In addition, the spatial variation of rice yields in the whole region was reduced from 13.7% to 7.4% with the soil fertility improvement. The results indicate that future adaptations to climate change for rice yields would require either enhanced tolerance to high temperatures in the existing rice varieties or change in the current management practices, while balancing the soil fertility is a continuing process.
__label__0, Several preclinical and clinical studies have shown that prenatal stress alters neuronal dendritic development in the prefrontal cortex, together with behavioral disturbances (anxiety). Nevertheless, neither whether these alterations are present during the lactation period, nor whether such findings may reflect the onset of anxiety disorders observed in childhood and adulthood has been studied. The central aim of the present study was to determine the effects of prenatal stress on the neuronal development and behavior of mice offspring during lactation (postnatal days 14 and 21). We studied 24 CF-1 male mice, grouped as follows: (i) control P14 (n = 6), (ii) stressed P14 (n = 6), (iii) control P21 (n = 6) and (iv) stressed P21 (n = 6). On the corresponding days, animals were evaluated with the open field test and sacrificed. Their brains were then stained in Golgi-Cox solution for 30 days. The morphological analysis dealt with the study of 96 pyramidal neurons. The results showed, first, that prenatal stress resulted in a significant (i) decrease in the apical dendritic length of pyramidal neurons in the orbitofrontal cortex at postnatal day 14, (ii) increase in the apical dendritic length of pyramidal neurons in the orbitofrontal cortex at postnatal day 21, and (iii) reduction in exploratory behavior at postnatal day 14 and 21.
__label__0, This paper presents a neural-network-based adaptive control approach for path tracking and obstacle avoidance of a class of mobile robots in the presence of unknown skidding, slipping, and torque saturation. The model of mobile robots consists of kinematics and dynamics considering skidding and slipping where all robot parameters as well as skidding and slipping effects are unknown. The proposed adaptive controller is designed using systematic and recursive design methodologies, without the assumption of perfect velocity tracking, where the function approximation technique using neural networks is employed to compensate unknown nonlinear functions including the model uncertainties and bounds of the skidding and slipping. From Lyapunov-stability analysis, it is shown that all signals of the controlled closed-loop system are semiglobally uniformly ultimately bounded, point tracking errors converge to an adjustable neighborhood of the origin outside the obstacle detection region, and the obstacle avoidance is guaranteed inside the region. The effectiveness of the proposed control system is demonstrated by simulation results.
__label__0, Eight new 2-phenylpyranon-4-one derivatives, polyporapyranones A–H (1–8), together with eight known compounds were isolated from two seagrass-derived fungi Polyporales PSU-ES44 and PSU-ES83. Their structures were determined by spectroscopic methods. 2-Phenylpyran-4-one derivatives are rare natural products. Some isolated compounds were evaluated for cytotoxic activity against human breast cancer (MCF-7) and noncancerous Vero (African green monkey kidney fibroblasts) cell lines.
__label__0, Direct C4–H activation of 3-fluoromethyl pyrazoles followed by an oxidative coupling with acrylates, which is perhaps the most direct method for the synthesis of 3-fluoromethyl substituted pyrazol-4-acrylates of biological interest, remains challenging. Here, the first example of the straightforward olefination via Pd-catalyzed C4–H activation of both C3–CF3 and C3–CF2H substituted pyrazoles is reported. The reaction of various C3–CF3 substituted pyrazoles with acrylates proceeds smoothly in the presence of Pd(OAc)2 and Ag2CO3, whereas olefination of C3–CF2H substituted pyrazoles requires the addition of benzoquinone. A further computational study reveals that reactivity of the pyrazolyl substrates employed are strongly impacted by the substituents of different nature on their C1 or C5 position, which is in good agreement with the experimental data.
__label__0, In this paper we cluster data from protein networks and integrate the results with chemical databases and ontologies to investigate functional links between related disease states. It is well know that certain genes participate in more than one function and if they are defective are likely to be responsible for several health problems. Furthermore, genes tend to cooperate in associated networks or cascades often with ’crosstalk’ between networks which can subtly alter cellular functions. Understanding the complexity and role of the various cell functions and mechanisms requires the use of computational models to make inferences and link together the interplay between genes, proteins and chemical interactions. A deeper understanding of the mechanisms of diseases will eventually be of benefit for the development new and improved therapies. The particular disease state we investigate in this work is cystinosis which is characterized by the widespread deposition of the amino acid cystine in cells due to a defect in cystine transport. In cystinosis, cystine accumulates in the lysosomes and eventually forms crystals throughout the body causing problems in the kidneys and the eyes. The defect is caused by a mutation in the CTNS gene and this forms the starting point for our investigation.
__label__0, Biomass offers an alternative to meet the increasing interest in renewable energy. For thermal conversion processes such as fast pyrolysis, which often involve fluidization, spherical particles are considered unsuitable for materials such as biomass. An investigation was made of relevant physical properties of four types of biomass: sweet sorghum bagasse, tobacco waste, soybean hulls and fiber sorghum bagasse. Three samples of each biomass with different granulometries were analyzed. Density values were determined. Particle shape and size distributions were evaluated by digital image analysis. It was observed that the moisture content affected the materials' true density and for dried biomass the smaller the particle sizes the higher the true density. The results indicated that sweet sorghum bagasse particles of different sizes have similar shapes; that the particle roundness of the four types of biomass is a property more closely related with the characteristic shape of the material than with its granulometric classification; and that the granulometric classification of tobacco waste, soybean hull and fiber sorghum bagasse particles can effectively influence the obtainment of particles with higher or lower roundness. The average roundness varied from 0.45 to 0.70 and the aspect ratio from 1.90 to 2.60. The results obtained in this study are useful for numerical simulations of the fluid dynamics of pyrolysis, combustion and gasification processes and also for studies about the optimal operating conditions of mixture fluidization.
__label__0, Glucose decomposition kinetics in subcritical and supercritical water were studied for the temperatures 573, 623, and 673 K, pressures between 25 and 40 MPa, and residence times between 0.02 and 2 s. Glucose decomposition products were fructose, saccharinic acids, erythrose, glyceraldehyde, 1,6-anhydroglucose, dihydroxyacetone, pyruvaldehyde, and small amounts of 5-hydroxymethylfurfural. Fructose was also studied and found to decompose to products similar to those of glucose, except that its epimerization to glucose was negligibly low and no formation of 1,6-anhydroglucose was detected. We concluded that only the forward epimerization of glucose to fructose was important. The glucose decomposition pathway could be described in terms of a forward epimerization rate, rgf, a fructose to decomposition products rate, rf, and a glucose to decomposition products rate, rg. A kinetic model based on this pathway gave good correlation of the experimental data. In the subcritical region, rg, rf, and rgf showed only small changes with pressure at a given temperature. In the supercritical region, the rate of glucose decomposition decreased with pressure at a given temperature. The reason for this decrease was mainly due to the decrease in rgf. The pressure effect in the supercritical region shows that there is a shift among the kinetic rates, which can lead to higher selectivity for glucose when decomposing cellulosic materials.
__label__0, This review presents selective case studies in the literature and in the authors’ laboratories highlighting common degradation pathways that could lead to the formation of genotoxic degradants. It is the intention of this review to spark further discussions in this field, which is apparently still at a juvenile stage, with a goal to provide general guidance that can benefit drug developers and regulatory agencies in the long run.
__label__0, We study numerically the effect of gap fluctuations on transmission and conductance of the monolayer and bilayer graphene superlattices. The system consists of a sequence of electron doped graphene as wells and hole doped graphene as barriers. Because of random nature of experimental technique, the fluctuations are generate in the energy gap applied in graphene. We show that the gap fluctuations cause to disappearing the Klein tunneling in monolayer graphene. So, for normal incident electrons in the superlattice, the transmission of electrons is not unity when the fluctuations are turn on. Also, the conductance of the system decreases with increasing the strength of disorder. In the case of bilayer graphene superlattice the same as monolayer, the transmission of electrons and conductance of the superlattice decreases with increasing of the strength of disorder. Also, we studied the size effect of superlattice on the transmission of electrons of monolayer and bilayer graphene.
__label__0, Two dimensional laminate theories in which the number of primary displacement variables is independent of the number of layers are generally not capable of accurately predicting the transverse stresses in hybrid piezolaminated plates, directly from the constitutive equations. The prediction is particularly poor for the electric potential and thermal loadings. In a recent publication, the authors presented a coupled global–local theory (GLT) with 11 displacement unknowns and a zigzag-local theory (ZLT) with nine unknowns for hybrid plates, with a view to predict the transverse shear stresses accurately under electromechanical loading. It was found that the ZLT yields accurate and superior prediction compared to the GLT. In this study, we extend the two theories for thermal loading and assess their performance in comparison with the three dimensional piezothermoelasticity solution. It is found that, contrary to the electromechanical loading, the GLT performs better than the ZLT for thermal loading, in predicting transverse shear stresses, besides predicting displacements and inplane stresses accurately. The thermoelectric transverse normal strain is accounted for without introducing additional variables. Without this term, the GLT yields much worse results not only for deflection, but also for inplane displacements and stresses.
__label__0, To study the elemental content of some ethnomedicinaly important hydrophytes and marsh plant of Tripura, India.
__label__0, The thermal and catalytic cracking of several plastic wastes (polypropylene, polystyrene, polystyrene−polybutadiene) dissolved in refinery LCO has been studied in a riser simulator, under operating conditions (catalyst, temperature, contact time, C/O ratio) that are similar to commercial FCC units. The results of the product distribution show the interest of this strategy, which may be integrated into refinery operation for large-scale tertiary exploitation of plastic wastes.
__label__0, A new sesquiterpene with an α-methylene-γ-lactone moiety, artabolide (1), and three known derivatives 2–4 were isolated from Artemisia absinthium. The structure of 1 was elucidated by 1D and 2D NMR analyses, and the absolute configuration was determined using the modified Mosher's method and X-ray crystal structural analysis. Approximately 2.5 μg/plant treatment of artabolide (1) exhibited ca. 50% inhibition of polar auxin transport in radish hypocotyls, while 2–4 showed no significant inhibitory activity. Therefore, these results support the importance of the α-methylene-γ-lactone moiety for the inhibition of polar auxin transport.
__label__0, To assess the effects of lipid component total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and non-HDL-C on risk of stroke events versus coronary heart disease (CHD).
__label__0, The dried root of Litsea cubeba (Lour.) Pers. (Family Lauraceae) has long been used as a folk remedy in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) and Dai Ethnopharmacy for the treatment of rheumatic diseases in southwestern China.
__label__0, The process of electric power generation from coalwith and without post-combustion CO2 capture system was simulated using Aspen HYSIS® flowsheet simulation. The simulated plant was used to investigate the effects of different ranks of Indonesian coals on CO2 emission and plant efficiency. Simulation results on the plant efficiency penalties are agreeable with the existing studies on coal-fired power plant with an integrated CO2 capture in Indonesia, China, Australia, US and most of Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries. The results also indicated that the ideal fuel for power generation is anthracite since it results in the least CO2 emission and efficiency penalty. However, due to abundant reserves of lignite and sub-bituminous, most of Indonesian power plants are fuelled with these types of coals. Therefore, more efforts should be directed to minimize efficiency penalty by improving the CO2 capture systems either by using more efficient solvents or minimizing the energy usage in solvent regeneration or both.
__label__0, Magnetoelectric effect at Fe3Si/BaTiO3 (001) interfaces is investigated by using the first-principles calculations. Interfacial separation works reveal that the FeSi/TiO2 and modified FeFe/TiO2 and SiSi/TiO2 interfaces are more stable than the Fe/TiO2 interface. While for the modified SiSi/TiO2 interface, the paraelectric phase is recovered in BaTiO3 slab due to its symmetrical structure in the central TiO2 layer. Compared with the original Fe/TiO2 and FeSi/TiO2 interfaces, more net change magnetizations are achieved at modified FeFe/TiO2 interface. The predicted magnetoelectric effect opens a direction to control magnetic properties of thin-film layered structure by electric fields.
__label__0, Three-dimensional quantitative structure−activity relationship (3D QSAR) methods were applied using a training set of 72 inhibitors of the benzamidine type with respect to their binding affinities (Ki values) toward thrombin, trypsin, and factor Xa to yield statistically reliable models of good predictive power. Two methods were compared:  the widely used comparative molecular field analysis (CoMFA) and the recently reported CoMSIA approach (comparative molecular similarity indices analysis). CoMSIA produced significantly better results for all correlations. Furthermore, in contrast to CoMFA, CoMSIA is not sensitive to changes in orientation of the superimposed molecules in the lattice. The correlation results obtained by CoMSIA were graphically interpreted in terms of field contribution maps allowing physicochemical properties relevant for binding to be easily mapped back onto molecular structures. The advantage of this feature is demonstrated using the maps to design new molecules. Finally, the CoMSIA method was applied to elucidate structural features among ligands which are responsible for affinity differences toward thrombin and trypsin. These selectivity-determining features were interpreted graphically in terms of spatial regions responsible for affinity discrimination. Such indicators are highly informative for the lead optimization process with respect to selectivity enhancement.
__label__0, A new data analysis method, the pore construction technique, was developed for use in analyzing images resulting from atomic force microscopy (AFM). This technique was developed to overcome the limitations of traditionally employed methods for determining the pore size distribution and characterization of membranes. The method was developed using Matlab software. It starts by detecting all regions in the image that have a 3D conical pore geometry. The pore data is then extracted, and data filters are applied to determine the final shape and dimension of each pore in the image. The pore construction technique was applied to AFM images obtained from a commercial ultrafiltration membrane, and resulted in consistent pore size distribution data from three different membrane fibers. The new technique also provided additional membrane characteristics including porosity and pore density, and could automatically detect membrane pores, all of which cannot be done by AFM manual cross-section methods. The pore construction technique resulted in membrane pore size distribution profiles that were similar to FE-SEM results. These improvements in AFM image analysis resulted in reliable and essential pore size data which will make AFM a more valuable tool for membrane characterization and similar applications.
__label__0, We provide an empirical analysis of two important phenomena influencing the hedge fund industry—contagion and time variation in risk adjusted return (alpha)—in a flexible unified framework. After accounting for standard hedge fund pricing factors, we quantify the common latent factor in hedge fund style index returns and model its time-varying behavior using a dynamic factor framework featuring Markov regime-switching. We find that three regimes—crash, low mean and high mean—are necessary to provide a complete description of joint hedge fund return dynamics. We also document significant time variation in the alpha generating ability of all hedge fund investment styles. The period following the stock market crash of 2000 is dominated by the persistent low return state while the long bull market of 1990s is associated with the strongest performance of the industry generating high positive returns. We also investigate drivers of the regime shifts in the common latent pricing factor and find that both flight to safety and large funding liquidity shocks play an important role in explaining the abrupt shift of the common factor to the crash state.
__label__0, Recent rapid advances in next generation sequencing technologies have expanded our understanding of steroid hormone signaling to a genome-wide level. In this review, we discuss the use of a novel genomic approach, global nuclear run-on coupled with massively parallel sequencing (GRO-seq), to explore new facets of the steroid hormone-regulated transcriptome, especially estrogen responses in breast cancer cells. GRO-seq is a high throughput sequencing method adapted from conventional nuclear run-on methodologies, which is used to obtain a map of the position and orientation of all transcriptionally engaged RNA polymerases across the genome with extremely high spatial resolution. GRO-seq, which is an excellent tool for examining transcriptional responses to extracellular stimuli, has been used to comprehensively assay the effects of estrogen signaling on the transcriptome of ERα-positive MCF-7 human breast cancer cells. These studies have revealed new details about estrogen-dependent transcriptional regulation, including effects on transcription by all three RNA polymerases, complex transcriptional dynamics in response to estrogen signaling, and identification novel, unannotated non-coding RNAs. Collectively, these studies have been useful in discerning the molecular logic of the estrogen-regulated mitogenic response.
__label__0, A series of experiments are described in which air-immersed grains within different containers are exposed to vertical vibrations. When the peak acceleration relative to gravity exceeded Γ = 6 at 49 Hz), tilted cavitating beds were formed. Then, when a large, low-density object was put onto the free surface, the vigorous granular convection dragged it into the bed. The large object was not being dragged into the bed at Γ > 6 when the air pressure inside the container fell well below1 Torr. These findings, as well as those from computer simulations, confirm the key role played by large air cavities such as swallow holes in submerging large, low-density objects into a granular bed.
__label__0, We report, herein, redox chemical synthesis of processible nanocomposite of carboxylic acid functionalized conducting polymer, poly(5-carboxyindole) (5C-PIn) and gold metal nanoparticles. The method involves a reaction between aqueous dispersion of carboxyindole monomer and aqueous solution of HAuCl4. The progress of the reaction is monitored by UV–visible spectroscopy and further nanocomposite is studied for structural, morphological, electrochemical and thermal properties. The concentration ratio of monomer and HAuCl4 is crucial to get desired morphology and uniformity of nanocomposite. The effect of the increasing concentration of gold salt is demonstrated with change in morphology and homogeneity of the nanocomposite. A uniform composite is formed using 1:2 mole ratio of HAuCl4 to monomer. Nanoscale electrical characterization of 5CPIn/Au nanocomposite is performed using current-sensing atomic force microscopy which exhibited a nonlinear and rectifying diode behavior with Al metal junction. Fluorescent spectral studies indicate that photoluminescence for the nanocomposite can be tuned from violet blue to yellow spectral range. The composite proves enormous potential in fabrication of nanoscale organic devices and organic optoelectronics.
__label__0, A low-voltage pentacene field-effect transistor with sol–gel derived SiO2 gate dielectric was fabricated. The mobility of the transistor was achieved as high as 1.526 cm2/V on the bared SiO2/Si substrate by a higher dielectric constant. The interface state density for the transistor was found to vary from 3.8 × 1010 to 7.5 × 1010 eV−1 cm−2 at frequency range of 100 kHz–1 MHz. It is evaluated that the SiO2 derived by low cost sol–gel is quite a promising candidate as a gate dielectric layer for low-voltage pentacene field-effect transistor.
__label__0, Eggplant shoot and fruit borer (ESFB), Leucinodes orbonalis Guenée, is a major insect pest of eggplant, Solanum melongena L. In this study, cry1Aa3 gene was introduced into eggplant cv. Kashi Taru through Agrobacterium-tumefaciens mediated transformation. Hypocotyl explants from 7 day-old seedlings were pre-cultured for two days and inoculated with Agrobacterium strain EHA105 harboring a synthetic cry1Aa3 gene with full codon-modification in a binary vector. PCR and Southern blot analyses confirmed the presence of single copy insertions of the cry1Aa3 gene in plants of four independent transformation events. In addition, single copy gene insertions were confirmed by segregation analysis of T1 seedlings. Expression of the cry1Aa3 transcripts was confirmed by qRT-PCR; and ELISA revealed presence of Cry1Aa3 protein in fresh leaves (30.9–44.3 ng g−1) and fruits (20.5–35.7 ng g−1). Expression of the Cry1Aa3 protein resulted in high ESFB larval mortality in the shoot as well as fruit tissues of the transformed eggplant lines. Such transgenic eggplant lines possessing resistance to the ESFB could reduce dependency on pesticide use for ESFB control, leading to a safer environment and eggplant fruits.
__label__0, We examine the familiarity hypothesis of home bias by studying how foreign ownership of Swedish firms is affected by the mandatory adoption of IFRS. We decompose foreign investors into institutional and non-institutional investors. Foreign investors are further decomposed into EU (IFRS adopting countries) and non-EU residents (non-IFRS adopting countries). We analyse the equity investments of these foreign investor groups in Sweden during the period of 2001–2007. We find that after the mandatory adoption of IFRS, foreign ownership/owners from countries that adopted IFRS and particularly those from the EU increased. These effects are particularly strong in small firms. Foreign institutional investors increased their ownership stake after the mandatory IFRS adoption, whereas foreign non-institutional investments were not affected significantly by the IFRS adoption. In contrast to ownership from non-adopting countries, ownership from the EU increased in firms with both more and less tangible assets. Similarly, foreign ownership from the EU increased in firms with both concentrated ownership and dispersed ownership after the adoption. Because Sweden has already had strict legal enforcement and a low level of earnings management prior to the adoption, our results suggest that increased foreign ownership is due to better abilities to compare firms rather than an improved quality.
__label__0, The effect of intensive dynamic back extensor exercises for patients with chronic low back pain was investigated in a controlled clinical trial in which chronic low back pain patients underwent a 3-month intensive training program with a total of 30 sessions.
__label__0, In order to protect the structural components of lead–bismuth eutectic (LBE) cooled fast breeder reactors (FBRs) from liquid metal corrosion, advanced aluminum–yttrium nano- and micro-composite coatings were developed using an improved sol–gel process, which includes dipping specimens in a Y-added sol–gel solution dispersed with ultrafine α-Al2O3 powders prepared by mechanical milling. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and field emission electron probe microprobe analyzer (FE-EPMA) analyses revealed that the coatings are composed of alumina with high density. Accelerated corrosion tests were conducted on coated specimens in liquid LBE at 650 °C under dynamic conditions. After the corrosion tests, no cracking, spallation, erosion and liquid metal (e.g., lead) penetration occurred to the coatings, indicating that the coatings possess an enhanced dynamic LBE corrosion resistance. The superior LBE corrosion resistance is due to the presence of the nano-structured composite particles integrated into the coatings and the addition of trace amount of yttrium.
__label__0, In this work, design parameters were investigated for enhancing the conductivity of graphene-coated cotton textiles. Graphene oxide (GO) was immobilized on cotton fabric through a conventional “dip and dry” method. The GO-coated fabrics were then immersed in an aqueous solution of reducing agent, which converted the GO into graphene. The effect of various parameters such as type of reducing agent (NaBH4, N2H4, C6H8O6, Na2S2O4 and NaOH) and its concentration, reduction time and number of coating process on conductivity of the fabrics was studied. The mechanical performance of the fabrics was also investigated. The results showed that the best conductivity and mechanical performance were obtained using Na2S2O4 as a reducing agent. The reaction time of 30 min at 95 °C was enough for complete reduction of the GO. Electrical conductivity increased by approximately three orders of magnitude with the increase in the number of coating process from 1 to 20 cycles.
__label__0, Innate immunity is the front line of self-defense against infectious non-self in vertebrates and invertebrates. The innate immune system is mediated by germ-line encoding pattern recognition molecules (pathogen sensors) that recognize conserved molecular patterns present in the pathogens but absent in the host. Peptidoglycans (PGN) are essential cell wall components of almost all bacteria, except mycoplasma lacking a cell wall, which provides the host immune system an advantage for detecting invading bacteria. Several families of pattern recognition molecules that detect PGN and PGN-derived compounds have been indentified, and the role of PGRP family members in host defense is relatively well-characterized in Drosophila. This review focuses on the role of PGRP family members in the recognition of invading bacteria and the activation and modulation of immune responses in Drosophila.
__label__0, A detailed description of programming the three-dimensional finite-difference time-domain (FDTD) method to run on graphical processing units (GPUs) using CUDA Fortran is presented. Two FDTD-to-CUDA thread-block mapping designs are investigated and their performances compared. Comparative assessment of trade-offs between GPU’s shared memory and L1 cache is also discussed. This presentation is for the benefit of FDTD programmers who work exclusively with Fortran and are reluctant to port their codes to C in order to utilize GPU computing. The derived CUDA Fortran code is compared with an optimized CPU version that runs on a workstation-class CPU to present a realistic GPU to CPU run time comparison and thus help in making better informed investment decisions on FDTD code redesigns and equipment upgrades. All analyses are mirrored with CUDA C simulations to put in perspective the present state of CUDA Fortran development.
__label__0, The design of an X–Y table applying direct-drive linear switched reluctance motor (LSRM) principle is proposed in this paper. The proposed X–Y table has the characteristics of low cost, simple and stable mechanical structure. After the design procedure is introduced, an adaptive position control method based on online parameter identification and pole-placement regulation scheme is developed for the X–Y table. Experimental results prove the feasibility and its priority over a traditional PID controller with better dynamic response, static performance and robustness to disturbances. It is expected that the novel two-dimensional direct-drive system find its applications in high-precision manufacture area.
__label__0, This paper describes a preliminary simulation of the dynamic rod worth for the SMART (System-integrated Modular Advanced ReacTor) reactor core which has been developed by KAERI (Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute). This work was done by comparing the dynamic rod worth calculated using a simple inverse kinetic model with simulated pseudo ex-core detector signals and the static rod worth calculated with 3D static core diffusion nodal calculations. The kinetic parameters for the simple inverse kinetic model are estimated by using 3D static core diffusion nodal calculations as functions of the rod positions while the pseudo ex-core detector signals as the control rod positions change are simulated by using 3D transient core diffusion calculations with the MASTER (Multi-purpose Analyzer for Static and Transient Effects of Reactors) code and the ex-core detector response function calculated with the DORT code. Then, the pseudo ex-core detector signals are converted into the core neutron flux using the pre-estimated ex-core detector response conversion factor (DRCF). The simulation results show that the dynamic rod worth with the simulated pseudo ex-core detector signals have good agreement with the static rod worth for the SMART reactor and that the deviations of the static and dynamic rod worth from uncertainties of control rod group constants show good agreements with each other. So, it is considered that this work can provide baseline data for the actual simulation using real ex-core detector signals for the SMART reactor in the future.
__label__0, In the Phébus FP program, the phenomenology of severe accidents in water cooled nuclear reactors have been studied, especially fuel rod degradation and the behavior of fission products released via the primary coolant circuit into the containment. This paper is focused on the analysis of Phébus FPT-1 and FPT-3 test results using the severe accident analysis code, MELCOR. Since FPT-1 was adopted as the OECD ISP-46 and FPT-3 as the SARNET2 WP8.3 benchmark problem, a variety of code-to-code and code-to-experiment comparisons are possible. The two tests, FPT-1 and FPT-3, were carried out under low system pressure and using fuel irradiated in a reactor to about 23 GWd/tU, and in a steam-rich atmosphere for FPT-1 and in a steam-poor atmosphere for FPT-3. In FPT-3, the control rod was made of boron carbide (B4C) instead of silver–indium–cadmium (SIC) as in the previous test FPT-1. Intensive analysis of the FPT-1 and FPT-3 data highlighted major differences between them in the aspects of the fuel bundle degradation, material relocations, hydrogen production, and moreover fission product behavior, especially iodine behavior in the reactor coolant system and containment. The analysis results for two tests using MELCOR1, which is the main tool for assessment of Korean nuclear plants, were synthesized in this paper. Comparison between code estimates and experimental data demonstrated the code’s ability to simulate the whole sequence with reasonable accuracy, and assessed detailed models in the code. Also uncertainties, particularly regarding modeling of core degradation and fission product behavior, were identified showing that further model improvements are required in the code. In addition, MELCOR-RAIM, a coupled code, was used for simulation of the iodine behavior for both FPT-1 and FPT-3. The coupling was achieved by replacing the pool chemistry model of MELCOR with RAIM, which had been developed as a standalone model based on the IMOD code to analyze the behavior of iodine including organic iodide.
__label__0, The fossil remains of Homo floresiensis have been debated extensively over the past few years. This paper gives a review of the various pathologies ascribed to LB1, the type specimen of H. floresiensis, and associated individuals. This paper will assess the arguments for growth anomalies, microcephaly, Laron syndrome and cretinism. Additionally, some of the analyses done by proponents of the pathology theory will be methodologically evaluated. Subsequently, a brief overview of the alternative hypotheses regarding the origin of H. floresiensis will be given.
__label__0, The mechanism by which cells reduce cytoplasmic vanadium(V) (vanadate) to vanadium(IV) was investigated using the human red cell as a model system. Vanadate uptake by red cells occurs with a rapid phase involving chemical equilibration across the plasma membrane and a slower phase resulting in a high concentration of bound vanadium(IV).
__label__0, This paper builds upon the MILP model developed by Barbaro and Bagajewicz (New Rigorous One-Step MILP Formulation for Heat Exchanger Network Synthesis. Comp. Chem. Eng.2005, 1945−1976), which allows the rigorous one-step grassroots design of heat exchanger networks. For the retrofit, we consider the cases of addition and relocation of heat exchangers allowing control of repiping costs as well as splitting. While previous works considered area reduction in existing exchangers, they very rarely took into account the associated cost, which we now do. We also add all the costs associated with new shells, area addition to existing shells, relocation, and piping changes. We illustrate the power of the formulation with a small example as well as with a crude fractionation unit. Moreover, we discuss step-by-step changes that allow better planning around turnarounds as opposed to an all-at-once solution. Finally, the model also offers a good level of flexibility that opens room for decision making by the users such as allowing/disallowing splitting, considering area and shell additions only (i.e., disallowing relocation), limiting the number of new exchangers and/or the number of relocations, etc. Various design case studies of a same process example are considered to demonstrate the flexibility and versatility of the model.
__label__0, The effect of counterions on the transport of alcohol/water mixtures through a Nafion ion-exchange membrane is reported. Correlations between the counterions and the membrane's selectivity, permeability and the permeate's state of existence in the membrane were established. The membrane's selectivity toward water, in steady state pervaporation experiments, is much higher than that recorded in sorption experiments when employing an isopropanol/water azeotropic composition as the feed mixture. The values recorded for the apparent energy of activation are conspicuously low and follow the order Cs >K >Na. For all counterions the membrane exhibits a large fraction of free water (freezing water). A substantial freezing-point depression was recorded following the counterion series H > Li > Na > K ≈ Cs. The Cs+ version exhibits freezing at 0°C. The swollen membrane equilibrated with the feed mixture shows multiple freezing points, indicative of the heterogeneous nature of the membrane.
__label__0, H2O2 production by skeletal muscle mitochondria oxidizing palmitoylcarnitine was examined under two conditions: the absence of respiratory chain inhibitors and the presence of myxothiazol to inhibit complex III. Without inhibitors, respiration and H2O2 production were low unless carnitine or malate was added to limit acetyl-CoA accumulation. With palmitoylcarnitine alone, H2O2 production was dominated by complex II (44% from site IIF in the forward reaction); the remainder was mostly from complex I (34%, superoxide from site IF). With added carnitine, H2O2 production was about equally shared between complexes I, II, and III. With added malate, it was 75% from complex III (superoxide from site IIIQo) and 25% from site IF. Thus complex II (site IIF in the forward reaction) is a major source of H2O2 production during oxidation of palmitoylcarnitine ± carnitine. Under the second condition (myxothiazol present to keep ubiquinone reduced), the rates of H2O2 production were highest in the presence of palmitoylcarnitine ± carnitine and were dominated by complex II (site IIF in the reverse reaction). About half the rest was from site IF, but a significant portion, ∼40 pmol H2O2·min−1·mg protein−1, was not from complex I, II, or III and was attributed to the proteins of β-oxidation (electron-transferring flavoprotein (ETF) and ETF-ubiquinone oxidoreductase). The maximum rate from the ETF system was ∼200 pmol H2O2·min−1·mg protein−1 under conditions of compromised antioxidant defense and reduced ubiquinone pool. Thus complex II and the ETF system both contribute to H2O2 productionduring fatty acid oxidation under appropriate conditions.
__label__0, Keyword spotting refers to detection of all occurrences of any given keyword in input speech utterances. In this paper, we define a keyword spotter as a binary classifier that separates a class of sentences containing a target keyword from a class of sentences which do not include the target keyword. In order to discriminate the mentioned classes, an efficient classification method and a suitable feature set are to be studied. For the classification method, we propose an evolutionary algorithm to train the separating hyper-plane between the two classes. As our discriminative feature set, we propose two confidence measure functions. The first confidence measure function computes the possibility of phonemes presence in the speech frames, and the second one determines the duration of each phoneme. We define these functions based on the acoustic, spectral and statistical features of speech. The results on TIMIT indicate that the proposed evolutionary-based discriminative keyword spotter has lower computational complexity and higher speed in both test and train phases, in comparison to the SVM-based discriminative keyword spotter. Additionally, the proposed system is robust in noisy conditions.
__label__0, The cacti of tribe Tephrocacteae (Cactaceae–Opuntioideae) are adapted to diverse climatic conditions over a wide area of the southern Andes and adjacent lowlands. They exhibit a range of life forms from geophytes and cushion-plants to dwarf shrubs, shrubs or small trees. To confirm or challenge previous morphology-based classifications and molecular phylogenies, we sampled DNA sequences from the chloroplast trnK/matK region and the nuclear low copy gene phyC and compared the resulting phylogenies with previous data gathered from nuclear ribosomal DNA sequences. The here presented chloroplast and nuclear low copy gene phylogenies were mutually congruent and broadly coincident with the classification based on gross morphology and seed micro-morphology and anatomy. Reconstruction of hypothetical ancestral character states suggested that geophytes and cushion-forming species probably evolved several times from dwarf shrubby precursors. We also traced an increase of embryo size at the expense of the nucellus-derived storage tissue during the evolution of the Tephrocacteae, which is thought to be an evolutionary advantage because nutrients are then more rapidly accessible for the germinating embryo. In contrast to these highly concordant phylogenies, nuclear ribosomal DNA data sampled by a previous study yielded conflicting phylogenetic signals. Secondary structure predictions of ribosomal transcribed spacers suggested that this phylogeny is strongly influenced by the inclusion of paralogous sequence probably arisen by genome duplication during the evolution of this plant group.
__label__0, An elemental powder mixture corresponding to Al3Ni2 phase stoichiometry was subjected to mechanical alloying. A metastable nanocrystalline AlNi intermetallic phase with the mean crystallite size of 12 nm was formed upon milling. Heating of the synthesised powder in a calorimeter up to 720 °C caused phase transformation into an equilibrium Al3Ni2 intermetallic phase with the mean crystallite size of 41 nm. The product of mechanical alloying was consolidated at 1000 °C under the pressure of 5 GPa and 7.7 GPa. During consolidation, a phase transformation analogous with the one observed in the course of heating in the calorimeter took place. Both bulk materials have nanocrystalline structure with mean crystallite size of 67 nm and 58 nm, the smaller one in the sample consolidated under the higher pressure. The hardness of the produced Al3Ni2 intermetallic is 8.81 GPa (898 HV1) and 8.72 GPa (887 HV1), while the specific yield strength, estimated using the Tabor relation, is 624 kNm/kg and 617 kNm/kg for the sample hot-pressed under 5 GPa and 7.7 GPa respectively. On the basis of the obtained results, we can assume that the quality of consolidation with preserving a nanocrystalline structure is satisfactory and the hardness as well as the estimated specific yield strength of the produced materials are relatively high.
__label__0, The paper proposes a new data hiding method based on deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) coding, using the Word document as carrier. The plain message becomes a cipher sequence after being encoded to a DNA sequence and encrypted by the addition operation. The cipher sequence is attached to a random DNA primer sequence and circularly shifted for finite times, then hide the whole sequence into a Word document through substituting each character’s color. The plaintext can be extracted according to the keys, and the key space is large enough to resist brute force attacks. Experimental results show the feasibility of the scheme.
__label__0, In this article we present an efficient approach to modeling the acoustic features for the tasks of recognizing various paralinguistic phenomena. Instead of the standard scheme of adapting the Universal Background Model (UBM), represented by the Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM), normally used to model the frame-level acoustic features, we propose to represent the UBM by building a monophone-based Hidden Markov Model (HMM). We present two approaches: transforming the monophone-based segmented HMM–UBM to a GMM–UBM and proceeding with the standard adaptation scheme, or to perform the adaptation directly on the HMM–UBM. Both approaches give superior results than the standard adaptation scheme (GMM–UBM) in both the emotion recognition task and the alcohol detection task. Furthermore, with the proposed method we were able to achieve better results than the current state-of-the-art systems in both tasks.
__label__0, Analysis of human behaviour through visual information has been a highly active research topic in the computer vision community. This was previously achieved via images from a conventional camera, however recently depth sensors have made a new type of data available. This survey starts by explaining the advantages of depth imagery, then describes the new sensors that are available to obtain it. In particular, the Microsoft Kinect has made high-resolution real-time depth cheaply available. The main published research on the use of depth imagery for analysing human activity is reviewed. Much of the existing work focuses on body part detection and pose estimation. A growing research area addresses the recognition of human actions. The publicly available datasets that include depth imagery are listed, as are the software libraries that can acquire it from a sensor. This survey concludes by summarising the current state of work on this topic, and pointing out promising future research directions. For both researchers and practitioners who are familiar with this topic and those who are new to this field, the review will aid in the selection, and development, of algorithms using depth data.
__label__0, Electrical resistivity studies performed in a wide temperature range across the complete Fe/Co substituted Tb0.27Dy0.73(Fe1−xCox)2 intermetallic series, with a borderline compound Tb0.27Dy0.73Fe2 known as Terfenol-D are presented. Parameters characterizing the dependence of resistivity on temperature, including the Debye temperature, are determined. Residual, phonon and magnetic contributions are separated from electrical resistivity. The magnetic contribution to electrical resistivity is applied to estimate Curie temperatures. Regions of weak and strong ferromagnetism of the transition metal sublattice are evidenced. The Curie temperature increases with x, approaches a maximum for x = 0.3 and reduces across the rest of the series. Some results of electronic band structure calculations using the Full-Potential Linearized Augmented Plane Waves (FLAPW) method are also presented. A distribution function for the densities of 3d states is introduced and a formula to estimate the band splitting energy is proposed. The obtained 3d and 4s band splitting energies for iron, cobalt and average for transition metal are presented. The Curie temperature across the Tb0.27Dy0.73(Fe1−xCox)2 system is described using a formula relating to both the FLAPW calculated magnetic moments and the statistical properties of the substituted transition metal sublattice.
__label__0, Echinops giganteus, Imperata cylindrica, Piper capense and Xylopia aethiopica are four medicinal spices used in Cameroon to treat cancers.
__label__0, Because of the nature of earthwork, there are difficulties in improving productivity due to situational variability and task complexity. Therefore, automation is receiving attention as a method to improve productivity. This study was conducted as a part of the IES (Intelligent Excavator System). The IES (Intelligent Excavator System) is intended for development of unmanned and remote controlled excavation systems for earthwork. The purpose of this study was to develop algorithms to merge two models acquired by a 3D laser scanner and Stereovision system in real time. To develop accurate and fast merging algorithms, ICP (Iterative Closest Point)-based merging algorithms and normal vectors were applied. Algorithms to merge the two models and to reflect the characteristics of the necessary earthwork will be proposed.
__label__0, Siahmazgi cheese is an Iranian locally-made cheese produced from ewe's milk or a mixture of ewe and goat's milks in the suburbs of Rasht in the north of Iran. This kind of cheese is kept in sheepskin for six months under special condition which cause distinct physicochemical and textural characteristics. Therefore, in the present study the effect of ripening time (6 months) on the chemical, physicochemical, rheological and textural characteristics of Siahmazgi cheese (18 samples) was investigated. The rheological and textural properties were determined using rheometer (frequency sweep) and texture analyzer (uniaxial compression). Based on our findings, the measured values including pH, titratable acidity (TA), dry matter, fat, protein, ash, salt content, water soluble nitrogen in total nitrogen, and non-protein-nitrogen in total nitrogen significantly increased during ripening (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the results showed that the six-month ripened Siahmazgi cheese contained high values of dry matter (59.95 ± 0.08 g/100 g), salt (5.65 ± 0.05 g/100 g), and ash (7.24 ± 0.02 g/100 g). Regarding rheological and textural properties, storage modulus (G′), loss modulus (G″), fracture stress (σf) and firmness increased while loss tangent and fracture strain decreased.
__label__0, 1. 1. A study of the haematology of the frog Rana esculenta including erythrocyte count (RBC), haemoglobin content (Hb), haematocrit (HCT), mean cell volume (MCV), mean corpuscular haemoglobin (MCH), mean corpuscular haemoglobin concentration (MCHC) and erythrocyte size as a function of prewinter and winter was made. 2. 2. The RBC count and Hb were significantly higher in contrast to MCV and MCH values during prewinter in both sexes. 3. 3. The surface area to volume ratio was higher in prewinter whereas the length to width ratio (eccentricity) of the cytosome and nucleus was significantly higher during winter in both sexes. 4. 4. Sexual differences in the erythrocyte count, Hb content and the surface area to volume ratio were also observed. 5. 5. The physiological significance of these observations are reported for Rana esculenta.
__label__0, A new quaternary chalcogenide Ba7AgGa5Se15 was synthesized by solid state reaction. It crystallizes in a new structure type in the noncentrosymmetric space group P31c of the trigonal system. In the structure, three Ga2Se4 tetrahedra and one Ga1Se4 tetrahedron are connected to each other by corner-sharing to form [Ga4Se10]8− anion clusters, which are further connected to AgSe4 tetrahedra by corner-sharing to form a three-dimensional framework with Ba, Se7, and isolated Ga3Se4 tetrahedra residing in the cavities. The optical band gap of 2.60 (2) eV for Ba7AgGa5Se15 was deduced from the diffuse reflectance spectrum. From a band structure calculation, Ba7AgGa5Se15 is a direct semiconductor and the transition between Se and Ba plays an important role in the band gap.
__label__0, Nanocrystalline K2Ca2(SO4)3:Cu was synthesized by chemical coprecipitation method and annealed at 700 °C. XRD of this sample shows the cubic structure and the crystallite size ∼20 nm. The same was also confirmed with TEM and shows the formation of nanorods of quite uniform in shape having diameter ∼20 nm and length in the range of 200 nm. The FTIR spectrum exhibits the bands corresponding to sulphate anions around 1015 and 600 cm−1. These samples were irradiated with gamma radiation for the dose varying from 0.1 Gy to 50 kGy and their TL characteristics have been studied. The glow curves of the pristine samples consists of two peaks one at around 139 °C while another one around 185 °C while the glow curve of samples annealed at 700 °C show a major peak at around 165 °C and other two peaks of low intensity at around 300 °C and 390 °C. The change in glow curve structures around 700 °C is due to the phase transition (from orthorhombic P212121to cubic P213 phase). The energy levels (trapping levels) get reorganized due to phase transition after the phase transition temperature (260 °C) and remain the same at higher temperatures (700 °C). TL dose response shows a linear behavior up to 1 kGy and further saturates with increase in the dose. Simple glow curve structure, easy method of synthesis, linear dose response and low fading make the nanocrystalline phosphor a good candidate for radiation dosimetry and especially, for the estimation of high doses of gamma rays where the microcrystalline phosphors generally saturate.
__label__0, The present paper contains a martingale representation theorem for set-valued martingales defined on a filtered probability space with a filtration generated by a Brownian motion. It is proved that such type martingales can be defined by some generalized set-valued stochastic integrals with respect to a given Brownian motion. The main result of the paper is preceded by short part devoted to the definition and some properties of generalized set-valued stochastic integrals.
__label__0, This study focused its attention on four medicinal plants (Carapa guianensis, Elephantopus scaber, Piper umbellatum, Stachytarpheta cayenensis) used by Caboclo communities on Marajó, the main island of the Amazon delta. In the field, interviews were conducted with Caboclos and the medicinal usages and preparation procedures of the four plants were recorded. In the laboratory, the plant extracts were subjected to bioassays and their crude chemical composition was established. All four plants showed significant bioactivity and the chemical tests confirmed the presence of bioactive compounds. In addition, the results of both the field and laboratory studies corresponded well with those of a literature search. The ethnopharmacological significance of the four plants is discussed.
__label__0, The Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) is a Food Safety Management System (FSMS) that is recognized in the international food safety community as a world wide guideline for controlling food borne safety hazards. Nevertheless, the availability of a diagnostic instrument to assess the performance and effectiveness of the FSMS is rather restricted; therefore, the food sector needs an instrument to measure the effectiveness of FSMS. Based on the HACCP objectives identified in the literature, in this research, HACCP effectiveness is defined as the degree of achieving its objectives. A measurement instrument is developed and then empirically validated through collecting preliminary data from 335 Greek food enterprises. After testing the assumptions of multivariate analysis, Exploratory Factor Analysis as well as first and second order Confirmatory Factor Analysis are applied. This study reveals the three-dimensional nature of the HACCP objectives (hazard identification, hazard assessment and hazard control). Further analysis of the data also reveals a valid latent factor reflecting the successful achievement of the HACCP objectives, namely “HACCP effectiveness”. This measurement instrument can be used by a food company as a self assessment tool and a benchmarking tool. In doing so, suitable strategies can be selected in order for a food company to allocate resources, increase HACCP effectiveness and improve its product safety.
__label__0, A green spotted Japanese sillago (Sillago japonica) was caught by a fisherman and brought to the laboratory for pathological inspection. The green spots were abundant on the lateral line and more extensively so within the mouth cavity. In both sites, green spots were embedded within the fish flesh and formed 2–3 mm dome-shaped colonies. SEM revealed these colonies to harbor numerous unknown cells with small, surface warts (ornamentations). Molecular analysis showed the cells were Desmodesmus (D. komarekii), a common freshwater coccoid green alga found in ponds and rivers worldwide. It is uncertain how the host fish came to be infected with the alga which was not merely attached externally but embedded within the flesh and inside the mouth cavity. This is the first case of parasitic form of coccoid green algae in marine fish and provides new insights into the variable nature of green algae.
__label__0, A study has been carried out to investigate the Impurity Photovoltaic (IPV) effect on the performance of a double junction solar cell, which is yet, to the best of the authors’ knowledge, the first attempt at incorporating IPV effect in multijunction solar cell. In this work, impurity has been introduced in a double junction solar cell - separately and simultaneously in the two sub-cells which have been found to improve the cell performance. However, the effect of impurity becomes prominent when it is applied to the sub-cell with lower current. Furthermore, impact of impurity concentration has been obtained on short-circuit current density, open-circuit voltage and overall efficiency which have been explained through compensation by deep-level impurity dopant, conversion of conductivity type, carrier lifetime and total equilibrium carrier density. This improvement demonstrates the potential of the combination of IPV effect in multijunction solar cell.
__label__0, A convenient method was developed to directly attaching cupric oxide nanoparticles (CuONPs) on mesoporous carbons (MCs) for sensitive amperometric non-enzymatic sensing of glucose. The CuONPs–MCs nanocomposite was characterized with transmission electron microscopy and X-ray diffraction. Based on the advantageous functions of CuONPs and MCs, the functional nanocomposite modified glassy carbon electrode showed high electrocatalytic activity toward the oxidation of glucose. Due to the electrocatalytic activity to glucose, a non-enzymatic glucose sensor was constructed based on the CuONPs–MCs nanocomposite. Under optimal experimental conditions, the designed sensor exhibited a wide linear response to glucose ranging from 4 × 10−7 to 7.3 × 10−3 M with a high sensitivity of 1154.1 μA mM−1 cm−2 and a low detection limit down to 0.1 μM at the signal to noise ratio of 3. This sensor showed good accuracy, acceptable precision and reproducibility. The assay results of glucose in human blood serums with the proposed method were in a good agreement with the reference values. The functionalization of MCs with CuONPs provided good biocompatible platform for sensing and catalysis.
__label__0, The paper deals with the differentiation of cultured cream butter, sweet cream butter and cultured butter from sweet cream by electronic nose (E-Nose) technology. The sensor array of the E-Nose used is composed of 10 metal oxide semiconductor type chemical sensors. Altogether, 90 butter samples were examined. Multivariate statistics as principal component analysis (PCA) and partial least square (PLS) analysis in combination with linear discriminant analysis (LDA) were used as a method for the classification of the sensor results of the E-Nose into different butter types. More than 95% of the samples were classified correctly into the three butter types.
__label__0, To investigate the antibacterial activity and phytochemical screening of the hexane, chloroform, ethyl acetate, ethanol and aqueous stem extract of Dalbergia coromandeliana (D. coromandeliana).
__label__0, The retention of transcription proteins at an actively transcribed gene contributes to maintenance of the active transcriptional state and increases the rate of subsequent transcription cycles relative to the initial cycle. This process, called transcription reinitiation, generates the abundant RNAs in living cells. The persistence of stable preinitiation intermediates on activated genes representing at least a subset of basal transcription components has long been recognized as a shared feature of RNA polymerase (Pol) I, II and III-dependent transcription in eukaryotes. Studies of the Pol III transcription machinery and its target genes in eukaryotic genomes over the last fifteen years, has uncovered multiple details on transcription reinitiation. In addition to the basal transcription factors that recruit the polymerase, Pol III itself can be retained on the same gene through multiple transcription cycles by a facilitated recycling pathway. The molecular bases for facilitated recycling are progressively being revealed with advances in structural and functional studies. At the same time, progress in our understanding of Pol III transcriptional regulation in response to different environmental cues points to the specific mechanism of Pol III reinitiation as a key target of signaling pathway regulation of cell growth. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Transcription by Odd Pols.
__label__0, A set of constitutive equations coupling microstructure evolution have been developed for hot working of a TA15 titanium alloy. Physically-based microstructure models were established for constituent phases of the material, which considered dislocation density variation, static coarsening, dynamic coarsening and strain induced grain refinement. The loss of Hall–Petch strengthening was modeled with aim to predict the flow softening. For each constituent phase, the microstructure model was implemented into a constitutive model for integrated prediction of flow stress and microstructure evolution. A visco-plastic self-consistent scheme was adopted to characterize the deformation heterogeneity from phase to phase and to predict the overall behavior of the aggregate. Model predictions, including flow stress, volume fraction and grain size of each phase, are in good agreement with experimental observations.
__label__0, A moving boundary problem with two free boundaries modeling a two-dimensional idealized MEMS device with pull-in instability is discussed. We use a fixed point argument to show that the model possesses stationary solutions for small source voltages. We also give a rigorous evidence that solutions of the model converge towards solutions of the associated small aspect ratio equation in the vanishing aspect ratio limit.
__label__0, This paper presents a study on hydrogen sensing mechanism of Pd-loaded tungsten oxide (Pd–WO3). WO3 nanoparticles (sphere-like) were prepared and characterized by transmission electron microscopy (TEM), scanning electron microscope (SEM) and X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis. The synthesized WO3 nanoparticles was loaded with palladium (Pd) catalyst at 1 at% and annealed in air at 400 °C. The chemical composition of the elements and their spatial distribution on the surface were determined by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (ToF-SIMS) respectively. Pd–WO3 thick film was prepared by screen-printing on alumina substrates fitted with gold electrodes and a platinum heater. The responses to 25–200 ppm hydrogen (diluted in air) were measured at operating temperatures ranging from 200 to 280 °C in dry air and with 50% relative humidity. The changes in the optical properties (on the surface) and crystal phases (in bulk) of Pd–WO3 in contact with hydrogen were investigated by UV–vis–NIR and XRD respectively. The in situ characterizations were carried out in different conditions, 3% H2 diluted in synthetic air/nitrogen at temperatures ranging from 25 to 200 °C. The changes in the crystal phases, formation of hydrogen tungsten bronze, on the surface or bulk were correlated with the electrical responses. A sensing mechanism of Pd–WO3 for H2 is proposed and discussed.
__label__0, The superplastic behavior of an Al–12.7mass%Si–0.7mass%Mg alloy was investigated under different conditions. Reasonable superplastic elongations were achieved in the fine-grained (9.1 μm) Al–Si–Mg alloy at temperatures ranging from 733 to 793 K at initial strain rates ranging from 1.67×10–4 to 1.67×10–3 s−1. A maximum elongation to failure of 379% was demonstrated with a strain rate sensitivity, m, of 0.52 and an activation energy for flow, Q, of 156.7 KJ/mol at 793 K at an initial strain rate of 1.67×10–4 s−1, which is close to the lattice diffusion activation energy of aluminum. The dislocation activity within Al grains indicated that intragranular slip is the accommodation mechanism of grain boundary sliding. EBSD (Electron Backscatter Diffraction) results revealed that most grain boundaries were high angle boundaries and therefore indicated that boundary sliding and grain rotation occurred during deformation. A deformation mechanism map was plotted for the Al–Si–Mg alloy at 793 K and it is shown that the experimental datum points are in excellent agreement with the predictions of the map. Most cavities were formed around silicon particles and the cavity formation mechanism was proposed. The observation on the fracture surface revealed the presence of filaments. The filament quantity or density increased with increasing testing temperature, which can be interpreted by the transition of dislocation viscous glide creep to grain boundary sliding mechanism at elevated temperatures. The formation of filaments was related to the deformation mechanisms and the lattice diffusion at elevated temperatures. The superplastic fracture in the Al–Si–Mg alloy exhibited a diffuse necking and was a pseudo-brittle fracture. The fracture mechanism was intergranular fracture.
__label__0, The first ratiometric probe for lysine was presented. This coumarin-based probe could selectively detect Lys over other natural amino acids in water with a large red shift up to 83 nm, which utilized both the basicity and the nucleophilicity of the terminal amino group of Lys.
__label__0, Recent advances in precision technologies have put stringent demands on micro-/nano-surface finishing processes; they require hygienic surfaces that are free from lays and stresses induced by finishing processes. Over the last two decades, the so-called conventional electrochemical finishing processes working on the electrical, chemical and mechanical principles have been coupled with additional sources of energy like magnetic field, ultrasonic vibrations, etc. to enhance their capability. This review focuses on fundamental principles and controlling parameters of the ECF/ECP processes that have been developed through cross innovations. It encompasses a detailed classification of the processes, followed by their salient features and capabilities. Mathematical and empirical approaches for the modeling of the processes have been presented along with their key formulations. It is understood that the processes are available for specific work materials and surface geometries, and in specific applications. It is necessary to investigate the effects of work/tool interactions in the presence of additional sources of energies besides the usual parametric effect, and to develop comprehensive phenomenological models and simulations of the ECF/ECP processes.
__label__0, The great potential of ultrasonic assistance in sample preparation, especially extraction, is being recognized. In this review, we discuss the applications of ultrasonic radiation in assisting microextraction. Topics covered include ultrasound-assisted emulsification microextraction, ultrasound-assisted-emulsification-dispersive liquid-liquid microextraction, and ultrasound-assisted hollow-fiber liquid-phase microextraction with its modifications. We critically discuss the advantages and the limitations of each technique. Finally, we summarize recent practical applications.
__label__0, We proposed an up–down working mode of electrochemical wet stamping technique (EC-WETS) for three dimensional (3D) micromachining on aluminum (Al) surface. 3D microstructures on a Si mold were transferred on to an agarose hydrogel containing 15% NaNO3, 2% MgF2, 1% NaOH and 5% glycerin, which acted as the quasi-solid electrolyte for the electrochemical micromachining. The transferred 3D microstructures on agarose hydrogel were then duplicated onto Al surface through anodic dissolution. The micromachining quality was improved by pulse-potential method dramatically with a machining tolerance lower than 200 nm and an average removal rate of 210 nm min− 1 in the Z direction. This method was proved to be a highly efficient, low cost and green method for 3D micromachining on active metal surface, which would be valuable for the manufacture of microelectromechanical system (MEMS).
__label__0, Organophosphate and pyrethroid insecticides and phenoxyacetic acid herbicides represent important classes of pesticides applied in commercial and residential settings. Interest in assessing the extent of human exposure to these pesticides exists because of their widespread use and their potential adverse health effects. An analytical method for measuring 12 biomarkers of several of these pesticides in urine has been developed. The target analytes were extracted from one milliliter of urine by a semi-automated solid phase extraction technique, separated from each other and from other urinary biomolecules by reversed-phase high performance liquid chromatography, and detected using tandem mass spectrometry with isotope dilution quantitation. This method can be used to measure all the target analytes in one injection with similar repeatability and detection limits of previous methods which required more than one injection. Each step of the procedure was optimized to produce a robust, reproducible, accurate, precise and efficient method. The required selectivity and sensitivity for trace-level analysis (e.g., limits of detection below 0.5 ng/mL) was achieved using a narrow diameter analytical column, higher than unit mass resolution for certain analytes, and stable isotope labeled internal standards. The method was applied to the analysis of 55 samples collected from adult anonymous donors with no known exposure to the target pesticides. This efficient and cost-effective method is adequate to handle the large number of samples required for national biomonitoring surveys.
__label__0, We present new laboratory experiments on the development of thermal plumes out of a localized heat source in Carbopol, a yield-stress and shear-thinning fluid. Depending on the yield number Y0, which compares the thermally-induced stress to the yield stress, three different regimes obtain. For low Y0 (<120), no convection develops; while for intermediate values, a small-scale convection cell appears and remains confined around the heater. For high Y0 (>260), thermal plumes develop. Their morphology differs from the mushroom-shape typically encountered in Newtonian fluids. Combined temperature and velocity field measurements show that a plug flow develops within the plume thermal anomaly, therefore producing a rising finger-shape. Moreover, light scattering highlights the development of a damaged zone prior to the plume onset, and the peculiar structure of the gel around the plume as it rises. This brings new insights into the solid–liquid transition of soft gels.
__label__0, This paper presents a paleoparasitological review of the fish tapeworm genus Diphyllobothrium. Comprehensive data from published articles and original results from the Reims paleoparasitology laboratory show that the fish tapeworm has co-evolved with humans for several thousand years, influenced by human dietary habits, cultural differences, and sometimes environmental changes. This taxon has been present in the Old World for at least 9500 years (early Neolithic period) and in the New World for 10,000 years.
__label__0, The concept of repair of the nervous system by adult stem cells has recently evolved from the original hypothesis that tissue regeneration could have been achieved through stem cell differentiation into neural cells to the current vision that they act mainly by means of paracrine mechanisms. In a recent paper from Voulgari-Kokota and colleagues in the July issue of Experimental Neurology it was shown that bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) can protect against glutamate excitotoxicity in a mouse model of temporal lobe epilepsy and that conditioned medium from MSC could rescue primary cortical neurons from glutamate-receptor induced cell death. Other studies have emphasized that MSC secretome may suffice to recapitulate many of the effects carried out by these cells on immune and tissue resident cells. However, MSC priming by local cues, upon interaction with the host environment, represents a prerequisite to maximally enhance their therapeutic plasticity. Future studies will have to resolve if stem cell transplantation is still preferable over the administration of their secreted factors.
__label__0, The complete amino acid (aa) alignment of the N-terminal domain of 33 DNA-dependent DNA polymerases encompassing the putative segments Exo I, Exo II and Exo III, proposed by Bernad et al. [Cell 59 (1989) 219–228] to form a conserved 3′–5′ exonuclease active site in prokaryotic and eukaryotic DNA polymerases, allowed us to identify and/or correct some of the most conserved segments (Exo I, II and III) in certain DNA polymerases. In particular, the aa region of T4 DNA polymerase and other eukaryotic (viral and cellular) DNA polymerases previously proposed as Exo I segment 1, did not align with the ExoI segment of Escherichia coli DNA polymerase I (PolI)-like and protein-primed DNA polymerases; instead, a new conserved region of aa similarity was identified in T4 DNA polymerase and eukaryotic (viral and cellular) DNA polymerases as their corresponding Exo I segment. Therefore according to our alignment, the recently reported T4 DNA polymerase site-directed mutants, D189A and E191A [Reha-Krantz et al., Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 88 (1991) 2417–2421], do not correspond to what we now consider the critical Exo I motif of PolI. As discussed in this communication, the functional importance of conserved segments Exo I, Exo II and Exo III is supported by site-directed mutagenesis in PolI, and in φ29, T7 and δ(Sc) DNA polymerases. Furthermore, genetically selected T4 DNA polymerase mutator mutants form two main clusters, centered in the conserved segment Exo III and in the newly identified Exo I segment.
__label__0, This paper develops and presents a novel technique for missing data estimation using a combination of dynamic programming, neural networks and genetic algorithms (GA) on suitable subsets of the input data. The method proposed here is well suited for decision making processes and uses the concept of optimality and the Bellman’s equation to estimate the missing data. The proposed approach is applied to an HIV/AIDS database and the results shows that the proposed method significantly outperforms a similar method where dynamic programming is not used. This paper also suggests a different way of formulating a missing data problem such that the dynamic programming is applicable to estimate the missing data.
__label__0, LiFePO4/C composite materials have been synthesized from a low cost Fe2O3 precursor by a hydrothermal method to make LiFePO4(OH) in a first step followed by a fast calcination and carbon coating. This method combines the advantages of both hydrothermal and solid state synthetic methods. The as-prepared LiFePO4/C provides enhanced discharge capacity and cycling stability compared to LiFePO4 synthesized using a solid state method with the same precursors. Thus, the method to be described herein is a promising option in the search to reduce the cost of large-scale synthesis of LiFePO4/C for use in lithium-ion batteries, while maintaining adequate electrochemical performance.
__label__0, This article deals with a fluid–particle interaction model for the evolution of particles dispersed in a fluid. The fluid flow is governed by the Navier–Stokes equations for a compressible fluid while the evolution of the particle densities is given by the Smoluchowski equation. The coupling between the dispersed and dense phases is obtained through the drag forces that the fluid and the particles exert mutually. The existence of weakly dissipative solutions is established under reasonable physical assumptions on the initial data, the physical domain, and the external potential. Furthermore, a weak–strong uniqueness result is established via the relative entropy method yielding that a weakly dissipative solution agrees with a classical solution with the same initial data when such a classical solution exists.
__label__0, Two novel glycosides, 4,5-dimethoxy-3-hydroxyphenol 1-O-β-(6′-O-galloyl)-glucopyranoside (1) and (+)-2α-O-galloyl lyoniresinol 3α-O-β-d-xylopyranoside (2), as well as a novel ellagitannin named epiquisqualin B (3), were isolated from sapwood of Quercus mongolica var. crispula along with 19 known phenolic compounds. The structures of the novel compounds were elucidated on the basis of chemical and spectroscopic investigation. Compound 2 is the first example of a lignan galloyl ester, and 3 is the oxidation product of vescalagin, which is the major ellagitannin of this plant.
__label__0, The problem of gyrocompassing using inertial sensors, i.e., gyros and accelerometers, is addressed. North finding, with an order of accuracy of one arc-min, is not only required for the initial alignment of inertial navigation systems, but also has a critical role to play in the guidance and navigation of ships that navigate for long periods of time. In this work, after extracting the error model of an inertial navigation system and augmenting it with the error model of inertial sensors, a processing algorithm based on the Kalman filter is designed and simulated to process the navigation system velocity error, and to estimate and correct tilt and heading errors along with gyro drifts and accelerometer biases. It is verified that using gyros with drift stability of 0.01 deg/hr, and accelerometers with bias stability of 100 μg, the true north direction can be determined with an accuracy of about five arc-mins.
__label__0, Suppression of dye aggregation and interfacial charge recombination by appropriate structural modification of the sensitizers is crucial to improve the performance of dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSCs). In this article, linear alkyl chains, i.e., hexyl groups, and branched alkyl chains, i.e., 2-ethylhexyl groups, are introduced into a sensitizer with a terthiophene unit as conjugated bridge. The effects of the linear and branched alkyl chains on the photophysical, electrochemical properties and photovoltaic properties are investigated. By comparison, branched alkyl chains are superior to linear alkyl chains in suppression of intermolecular interactions and the electron recombination between the injected electrons and the electron acceptors in the electrolyte. Consequently, a more significant improvement of the open-circuit photovoltage can be achieved by the introduction of branched alkyl chains to the π-conjugated bridge of the organic dye in comparison to the incorporation of linear alkyl chains. Conversely, linear alkyl chains are better than branched alkyl chains in broadening photoresponse and hence photocurrent generation. As a result, a power conversion efficiency of 8.12% was achieved for the DSSC based on FNE29 with linear alkyl chains.
__label__0, This study analyzes how the relationship between non-controlling and controlling large shareholders affects corporate valuations. Using data from the Chinese market, we find that a firm's value is lower when its non-controlling large shareholders have a relationship with its controlling shareholder. In addition, higher ownership stakes and board representation of relational non-controlling large shareholders are associated with lower firm value. This effect is more pronounced when the agency conflicts between the controlling and minority shareholders are greater. Our findings suggest that it is important to consider the identities of non-controlling shareholders when examining the effects of multiple large shareholders on corporate governance or firm value.
__label__0, We here show that the current density and efficiency of dye-sensitized solar cell (DSSC) can be much enhanced by generating more bulky-structured funnels inside the typical TiO2 electrode. This approach is fundamentally based on the pulsed laser-induced desorption and melting of TiO2 nanoparticles. Three-beam interference was utilized to fabricate the periodic electrode structure. While the dye coverage was little influenced by this process because a small volume fraction of the electrode was converted into the bulky structure, the photoexcited electrons could be more effectively extracted owing to the prolonged diffusion length. As a result, the photocurrent density and efficiency of DSSCs were much improved. The enhancement of both factors was reliably ascertained by the multiple-cell characterization. The funnel cells exhibited an average short-circuit current density of 19.77 mA/cm2 and an efficiency of 9.44%, while 17.30 mA/cm2 and 8.27% were obtained from the reference cells.
__label__0, In the last two decades, mathematical models based on the Lattice Boltzmann method have been developed in an effort to accurately capture flow characteristics in rarefied conditions, including thermal effects. In order to improve their performance to characterize fluid conditions for the entire transition flow regime, a new wall-distance function has been developed based on existing Molecular Dynamics data and implemented to a D2Q13 Lattice Boltzmann model. The ability of the improved Lattice Boltzmann model to capture thermal effects on fluid conditions due to heat conduction and convection is demonstrated by simulating rarefied Fourier flow and Couette flow within micro/nano-channels, respectively, and validated against Direct Simulation Monte Carlo data as well as data based on the linearized Boltzmann equation. The results show that the proposed Lattice Boltzmann model is capable of simulating conditions, including thermal effects, in rarefied flow for the entire Knudsen number range representing slip, transition, and the low end of molecular flow regimes.
__label__0, The reconstitution of the sedimentary paleoenvironment of the Cretaceous arkosic sandstones in the Senegalo-Mauritanian basin defines the position of the sea-coast and the continental shelf at this era and the nature of the mineralogical suite of clays associated with detritic sedimentation.
__label__0, An increased inter-rectus distance (IRD) is a common condition in late pregnancy and in the postnatal period. The condition is difficult to assess. Palpation is the most commonly used method to assess IRD. To date there is scant knowledge of intra and inter-tester reliability of palpation to measure IRD and how palpation compares with ultrasound measurements.
__label__0, The iliotibialis muscle of the iguanid lizard Anolis carolinensis is composed of fibers that display highly developed membrane systems. One of these systems is composed of the so-called “transverse” tubules, which may branch in both the horizontal and vertical planes and which usually are connected to the surface sarcolemma via intermediary passages composed of caveolar vesicles. The remaining membrane system comprises the various elements of the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR). Three reasonably distinct yet confluent conformations of SR can be found: (1) highly developed “conventional” SR which surrounds each myofibril and is segmented into specialized regions according to the divisions of the sarcomeres, such as junctional SR at the A–I levels, “network” SR massed over the I/Z/I band complexes, and fenestrated collars at the M lines; (2) subsarcolemmal SR whose junctional SR cisternae form peripheral couplings with the inner surface of the external cell membrane; and (3) extensive masses of proliferated SR that form roughly cylindrical bodies oriented longitudinally within intermyofibrillar spaces. These last (“columnar SR”) are found at all depths of the fibers and may be collected into less discrete aggregates that lie just underneath the sarcolemma, including the soleplate regions of motor end plates. The degree of development of the Anolis skeletal muscle membrane systems may reflect the requirements for rapid movement of the fibers.
__label__0, The present study aims to bridge the gap between water hammer theory and non-Newtonian fluid mechanics. To achieve this, a detailed numerical study is carried out to investigate the effect of sudden valve closure on the flow dynamics of power-law fluids in circular pipes. An unsteady two-dimensional pipe flow model is employed which takes into consideration both fluid compressibility and pipe elasticity. The present model is numerically integrated in time using the fourth-order accurate Runge–Kutta method while spatial terms are discretized using second-order accurate central difference expressions. Present results show that laminar pipe transients are significantly affected by the shear-thinning and shear-thickening behavior of the non-Newtonian fluid. Reported unsteady velocity profiles during the pipe transient show an excessive Richardson annular effect in the case of shear-thinning fluids, which is reduced significantly in the case of shear-thickening fluids. Present results also show that the shear-thickening behavior leads to more rapid attenuation of the fluid transient. Moreover, shear-thickening effects give rise to excessive pipeline packing which results in a pressure rise at the valve that could significantly exceed the theoretical maximum predicted by the inviscid Joukowsky pressure rise.
__label__0, In a previous paper we studied nonhomogeneous systems of hydrodynamic type, related to commuting quadratic Hamiltonians with electromagnetic term, giving just a few specific examples. We now consider the problem of characterising the full class of systems arising in our framework, which is equivalent to classifying all quadratic Hamiltonians with electromagnetic term, having a quadratic first integral. We give a complete solution for diagonal systems with 2 degrees of freedom, subject to only one differential constraint.
__label__0, Cette étude porte sur trois méthodes d’entraînement utilisant des exercices de maintien statique : le gainage, le swissball (ballon de Klein) et la cavitation (« rentré de ventre »). Dix séances d’une demi-heure en quatre semaines sont proposées à trois groupes de 18 jeunes adultes sains, étudiants en masso-kinésithérapie. À l’issue de ces dix séances, chaque groupe montre une amélioration de l’endurance statique des fléchisseurs et extenseurs de tronc (p < 0,01). Sur l’endurance statique des extenseurs mesurée par le test dit de Sorensen, le groupe gainage montre une amélioration médiane de 27,5 % (16,5/59,3), le groupe swissball de 10,8 % (4,8/33,9), le groupe cavitation de 10,1 % (–0,6/38,2). Sur l’endurance statique des fléchisseurs mesurée par le test dit de Shirado, le groupe gainage montre une amélioration médiane de 56,7 % (19,3/112,6), le groupe swissball de 142,1 % (78,1/194), le groupe cavitation de 61,6 % (16,6/90,7). De plus, le groupe swissball est significativement plus amélioré en endurance des fléchisseurs que les autres groupes (p < 0,05). Cette étude est un élément de preuve de l’efficacité de ces trois techniques en pratique. Le choix du praticien reste ouvert. Lorsqu’elle est possible, la méthode plus sollicitante du swissball semble un peu plus efficace.
__label__0, The spectrum of chemotherapy's cardiac side effect of chemotherapy has expanded with the new combinations of cytotoxic and targeted therapies over the past 10 years.
__label__0, A series of poly(dimethylsiloxane)-zinc oxide (PDMS-ZnO) nanocomposites having different concentrations of ZnO nanoparticles (0, 1, 5, 10 and 20 wt%) have been prepared. Raman and FTIR-ATR spectroscopic analysis was performed in order to determine the interaction between the ZnO nanoparticles and PDMS polymer matrix. Density functional theory (DFT) using the (B3-LYP)/6-311++G(2df,2p) method was used to investigate the vibrational spectra of PDMS. A complete vibrational assignment is supported by the normal coordinate analysis, calculated Raman activities as well as IR intensities.
__label__0, Lake Naivasha, an important inland water ecosystem and a crucial freshwater resource in the Great African Rift Valley, has displayed clear signals of degradation in recent decades. We studied the phytoplankton composition and biomass levels in the period 2001–2013 and noted a progressive increase in the occurrence of potentially toxic cyanobacteria. Analyses for the presence of cyanotoxins such as microcystins (MC), cylindrospermopsin (CYN) and anatoxin-a (ATX-a) were carried out on samples collected in 2008–2013. Among the cyanotoxins tested, low concentrations of MC were detected in the lake. This is the first record of the occurrence of MC in Lake Naivasha. For the first time, molecular phylogenetic investigations of field clones of cyanobacteria from Lake Naivasha were carried out to establish the taxa of the dominant species. Amplification of the aminotrasferase (AMT) domain responsible for cyanotoxin production confirmed the presence of the mcyE gene belonging to the microcystin synthesis gene cluster in field samples containing Microcystis and Planktothrix species. These findings suggest that toxin producing cyanobacteria could become a threat to users of this over-exploited tropical lake in the near future.
__label__0, The compounds made of MgH2 and (1 and 5 wt.%) Pd40Pt30Cr30 catalyst by mechanical milling were tested for their ability to absorb and desorb hydrogen. The mesoporous Pd40Pt30Cr30 was obtained by the reduction of chloride complexes and using a surfactant solution. The absorption kinetic tests showed that the MgH2 + 1 wt.% Pd40Pt30Cr30 sample attained 90% of hydrogen capacity around 10 min, at 350 °C. The desorption tests showed that the MgH2 + 5 wt.% Pd40Pt30Cr30 sample desorbed completely in about 5 min at the same temperature. The highest hydrogen capacity, 6.8 wt.% of H2, was determined by absorption/desorption P-C-Isotherm curves at 300 °C for MgH2 + 1 wt.% Pd40Pt30Cr30 sample. The MgH2 + 5 wt.% Pd70Pt30 was used in the hydrogenation tests to elucidate the fact that the presence of CrCl3 in the Pd40Pt30Cr30 alloy mixed to MgH2, leads to an increase in the hydrogen total capacity of absorption.
__label__0, We evaluated the effect on cost and medical care quality of use of the transurethral prostatectomy clinical path.
__label__0, Although differences in the quality of oocytes derived from young gilts and adult sows are well documented, evidence concerning gametes of pre-pubertal and cycling gilts is scarce and inconsistent. The aim of this work was to establish whether sexual maturity of gilts affects the quality of their oocytes with the use of the brilliant cresyl blue (BCB) test, oocyte diameter and apoptosis. Ovarian morphology was evaluated, and gonads with corpus luteum or albicans were recognized as originating form cycling gilts (C) and those with follicles as originating form pre-pubertal females (P). Altogether 952 cumulus-oocyte complexes (COCs; group P: 554; group C: 398) were examined, whereas 149 COCs, not subjected to BCB test, served as a control for TUNEL. COCs of proper morphology were evaluated by the BCB test which differentiated two categories of gametes: more competent, BCB+, and less competent BCB- oocytes. The control group comprised oocytes of proper morphology aspirated from ovaries of P and C gilts not subjected to BCB test. Finally five groups of COCs were matured in vitro: 1/P-BCB+, 2/P-BCB-, 3/C-BCB+, 4/C-BCB- and 5/control. Significantly more large oocytes (≥120 mm), more BCB+ oocytes and more high quality (both BCB+ and ≥120 mm) oocytes originated from ovaries of cycling gilts than pre-pubertal gilts (p<0.001). The rate of mature oocytes at the MII stage differed significantly between C-BCB+ (68.5%) and P-BCB+ (32.9%) oocytes. The incidence of apoptosis among BCB-treated oocytes after in vitro maturation was 21.4% and was similar to that observed in control oocytes (17.4%). BCB+ oocytes from cycling gilts showed significantly higher (28.7%) incidence of apoptosis than that of the group P (16.2%). Interestingly, high quality oocytes displayed a similar level of apoptosis regardless of the donor puberty. We demonstrated that C gilts provided more BCB+ oocytes as well as more large oocytes than P gilts, although C-BCB+ oocytes showed higher apoptotic rate. In conclusion, high incidence of apoptosis and a big variation in the diameter of more competent BCB+ oocytes make the BCB test a less effective selection tool than previously reported.
__label__0, Interest in the production of biodiesel—a clean renewable fuel—is increasing worldwide. Industrial-scale processes currently being developed use homogenous and heterogeneous chemical catalysis processes that are highly efficient but require very pure reagents and complex product purification steps, or high temperature and pressure processing conditions. Enzymatic catalysis using plant lipases as biocatalysts is an alternative which, contrary to chemical catalysis processes, is simple to perform, at low investment cost, and therefore potentially easier to disseminate, especially in developing countries. Although microbial lipases have been extensively studied, little research has been focused on the use of plant lipases in biodiesel production. These latter lipases can, however, be readily extracted from the plant organs that contain them (seeds, bran or latex) and they are less expensive to use than microbial lipases. The aim of the present article was thus to review published research findings and outline the most advanced knowledge concerning alkyl ester production catalyzed by plant lipases. This work focuses mainly on the conditions for using plant lipases in certain synthesis reactions (biomass selection, preparation and purification of lipase extracts) and current knowledge on reaction parameters that affect the catalytic activity. Moreover, biodiesel production using plant lipases and ethanol instead of methanol certainly seems to be in line with the development of innovative environment-friendly technologies.
__label__0, Le but de notre étude a été d’évaluer la pratique lilloise dans la prise en charge du kyste de l’ovaire pendant la grossesse et de comparer nos résultats aux données de la littérature.
__label__0, Cryotherapy is effective for common warts, but for plantar warts available treatments often fail.
__label__0, Nanocrystalline powders of Co substituted Zn ferrite with the chemical formula CoxZn1−xFe2O4 (x = 0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, 1) were synthesized by sol–gel autocombustion method using tartaric acid as fuel agent. The samples were sintered in static air atmosphere for 7 h at 773 K, 7 h at 973 K and 10 h at 1173 K. The organic phase extinction and the spinel phase formation were monitored by means of Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy. The X-ray diffraction patterns analysis confirmed the spinel single phase accomplishment. Crystallite size, average grains size, lattice parameter and cation distribution were estimated. Magnetic behavior of the as-obtained samples by means of M-H hysteresis measurements was studied at room temperature. Permeability and dielectric permittivity at room temperature versus frequency was the subject of a comparative study for the CoxZn1−xFe2O4 series. In agreement with the proposed cation distribution the sample with Co0.8Zn0.2Fe2O4 formula exhibits the optimal magnetic and dielectric properties.
__label__0, Melatonin, the main secretory product of the pineal gland, has potent antitumor activity against various types of cancer. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the effects of melatonin remain largely unknown. SIRT1, a conserved nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+)-dependent deacetylase, has been implicated in modulating transcriptional silencing and cell survival and plays a key role in carcinogenesis through the deacetylation of important regulatory proteins. In this study, we assessed the antitumor activity of melatonin against human osteosarcoma cells (9607 cell line) and explored the role of SIRT1 in the activity of melatonin. Melatonin treatment resulted in strong antitumor activity, as evidenced not only by reductions in tumor cell vitality, adhesion ability, migration ability and glutathione (GSH) levels but also by increase in the apoptotic index and reactive oxygen species. Additionally, melatonin treatment down-regulated SIRT1 and up-regulated acetylated-p53. Sirtinol (a known SIRT1 inhibitor) and SIRT1 siRNA further enhanced the antitumor activity of melatonin, while SRT1720 (a known SIRT1 activator) attenuated the antitumor activity of melatonin. In summary, melatonin is a potent inhibitor of osteosarcoma cell growth that targets SIRT1 signaling, and the inhibition of SIRT1 signaling is a novel mechanism of action for melatonin during therapeutic intervention in osteosarcoma.
__label__0, Hydrogen being an ecological fuel is very attractive now for rocket engines designers. However, peculiarities of hydrogen combustion kinetics, the presence of zones of inverse dependence of reaction rate on pressure, etc. prevents from using hydrogen engines in all stages not being supported by other types of engines, which often brings the ecological gains back to zero from using hydrogen. Computer aided design of new effective and clean hydrogen engines needs mathematical tools for supercomputer modeling of hydrogen–oxygen components mixing and combustion in rocket engines.
__label__0, In this paper we deal with noncoercive elliptic multipower systems of divergence type, which include p-Laplacian type operators as well as mean curvature operators and whose right hand sides depend on the product of both components of the solution and on a gradient factor. We prove that any nonnegative nontrivial entire weak solution (nonnecessarily radial) is constant. For nontrivial solutions we intend that both components are nontrivial. The paper improves former results due to Clément, Fleckinger, Mitidieri, de Thélin (2000) in [4], to Bidaut-Véron and Pohozaev (2001) in [3], where no gradient terms are considered. On the other hand the paper contains, as subcases, also some recent results of Filippucci (2011) [12] in which systems with gradient dependence for the forcing terms are treated but not of multipower type.
__label__0, Aerothermoelastic analysis for composite laminated panels in supersonic flow is carried out. The flutter and thermal buckling control for the panels are also investigated. In the modeling for the equation of motion, the influences of in-plane thermal load on the transverse bending deflection are taken into account, and the unsteady aerodynamic pressure in supersonic flow is evaluated by the linear piston theory. The governing equation of the structural system is developed applying the Hamilton's principle. In order to study the influences of aerodynamic pressure on the vibration mode shape of the panel, both the assumed mode method (AMM) and the finite element method (FEM) are used to derive the equation of motion. The proportional feedback control method and the linear quadratic regulator (LQR) are used to design the controller. The aeroelastic stability of the structural system is analyzed using the frequency-domain method. The effects of ply angle of the laminated panel on the critical flutter aerodynamic pressure and the critical buckling temperature change are researched. The flutter and thermal buckling control effects using the proportional feedback control and the LQR are compared. An effective method which can suppress the flutter and thermal buckling simultaneously is proposed.
__label__0, This paper deals with the modeling of different plasma flows interacting with a liquid jet of pure water. Using only fluid mechanic equations, the goal was to simulate and to understand the first moments of these interactions during suspension plasma spraying of nanomaterials. The obtained simulations were then validated by comparing the results with breakup mechanisms described for the same Weber number in a plasma cross-flow with constant temperature. The global model was applied to various suspension plasma spraying conditions: two plasma gas mixtures (Ar/H2 and Ar/He) and two types of liquid injections (train of droplets or continuous jet). These simulations demonstrated different trajectories of the liquid and, consequently, different modes of breakup. Droplet size distributions were also calculated in the global modeling field.
__label__0, Korea’s islands are mostly located along its western and southern coasts. The majority of these islands fall under the category of tidal-flat islands. More to the point, one of the main geographical and topographical characteristics of Korean islands is that they are surrounded by tidal flats. Therefore, Korean islands boast ecologically and biologically unique characteristics, as well as diversity, that set them apart from islands in other areas. Tidal flats are a virtual treasure trove where one can find various marine organisms. Local residents have been able to adjust to their environment by making use of the organisms found in tidal flats and the characteristics of islands. This has led them to create a unique island and maritime culture. To this end, the study of island culture requires not only an astute understanding of the ecological basis, biological process and human activities which become the background for cultural creation, but also of the interactions between these elements. Korea’s island culture was created amidst a unique maritime environment characterized by the achievement of spatial harmony between the tidal flats and islands. This cultural structure can be expected to continue for as long as the balance in terms of the ecosystem is preserved.
__label__0, Dynamic changes in microstructure of the superplastic ultrafine-grained Al–3Mg–0.2Sc (wt.%) alloy refined by equal-channel angular pressing (ECAP). were observed by in situ transmission electron microscopy at temperatures up to 300 °C (annealing and tensile deformation) in order to simulate the initial stages of superplastic testing. It was found that the microstructure changes significantly during the preheating before the superplastic deformation, which was accompanied by decreased microhardness. During the deformation at 300 °C, high dislocation activity as well as motion of low-angle grain boundaries was observed while high-angle grain boundaries did not move due to the presence of scandium in the alloy.
__label__0, In this paper, we investigate the regularity criterion for the solution of nematic liquid crystal flows in three dimensions ( n = 3 ) and in two dimensions ( n = 2 ). We prove that the solution ( u , d ) is smooth up to time T provided that there exists a positive constant ε 0 > 0 such that (i) for n = 3 , ‖ ( u , ∇ d ) ‖ L ∞ ( 0 , T ; B ̇ ∞ , ∞ − 1 ) ≤ ε 0 , and (ii) for n = 2 , ‖ ∇ d ‖ L ∞ ( 0 , T ; B ̇ ∞ , ∞ − 1 ) ≤ ε 0 .
__label__0, The aim of this study was the long-term validation of a model capable of reproducing the filtration process occurring in a submerged anaerobic membrane bioreactor (SAnMBR) system. The proposed model was validated using data obtained from a SAnMBR demonstration plant fitted with industrial-scale hollow-fibre membranes. The validation was carried out using both lightly and heavily fouled membranes operating at different bulk concentrations, gas sparging intensities and transmembrane fluxes. Across a broad spectrum of operating conditions, the model correctly forecast the respective experimental data in the long term. The simulation results revealed the importance of controlling irreversible fouling in order to ensure sustainable long-term membrane performance.
__label__0, As shown by Michel and Ramakrishnan (2007) and later generalized by Feigon and Whitehouse (2008), there are “stable” formulas for the average central L-value of the Rankin–Selberg convolutions of some holomorphic forms of fixed even weight and large level against a fixed imaginary quadratic theta series. We obtain exact finite formulas for twisted first moments of Rankin–Selberg L-values in much greater generality and prove analogous “stable” formulas when one considers either arbitrary modular twists of large prime power level or real dihedral twists of odd type associated to a Hecke character of mixed signature.
__label__0, Leaves of silver beet (Beta vulgaris L.) were shown to contain enzymes which catalyse the incorporation of primary amines into endogenous and exogenous proteins. Upon acid hydrolysis of proteins labelled with 14C-putrescine, almost all the radioactivity was recovered as the original amine. A considerable fraction of the label was present as glutaminyl-putrescine derivative in isopeptide bond after exhaustive degradation of labelled proteins with proteolytic enzymes. These results suggest the presence of transglutaminases in plant tissues. This conclusion was supported by the demonstration that the reaction was stimulated by calcium ions, although not absolutely dependent on the cation, and that it was inhibited by recognised transglutaminase substrates and by ammonium ions.
__label__0, Neutrinoless double decay ( β β ( 0 ν ) ) is a unique probe for lepton number conservation and neutrino properties. It allows to investigate the Dirac/Majorana nature of the neutrinos and their absolute mass scale (hierarchy problem) with unprecedented sensitivity. A number of experiments are presently under preparation to cover the quasi-degenerate region of the neutrino mass spectrum. Improved sensitivities are however required to sound the so-called inverted hierarchy region. This is a real challenge faced by a number of new proposed projects, based either on large expansions of the present experiments or on new ideas top improve the technical performance or reduce the background contributions. A review of the most relevant ongoing experiments is given. The most relevant parameters contributing to the experimental sensitivity are discussed and a critical comparison of the future projects is proposed.
__label__0, Electrospun epoxide polymer and carbon nanofiber-based SPME phases were examined for their application to the direct extraction of nonvolatile analytes coupled to liquid chromatography (LC). All of the electrospun nanofiber-coated SPME fibers demonstrated superior extraction efficiencies which were 2–32 times higher than a commercially available SPME fiber, with the electrospun coating processed at 800 °C demonstrating the highest extraction efficiency. The carbonized electrospun nanofiber-coated SPME fibers showed no swelling when immersed in a variety of liquids, demonstrating the improved chemical stability these coatings have over traditional polymer-coated SPME fibers, which typically swell during direct extraction. Additionally, these robust coatings exhibit prolonged fiber lifetimes, withstanding up to 100 direct extractions without significant damage or change in nanofiber morphology. The detection limits of the method were found to be 2–3 orders of magnitude lower than those reported when using commercially available polyacrylate (PA) SPME fiber under similar conditions.
__label__0, A thick nanocrystalline surface layer with gradient nanostructure was produced on Hadfield steel through high-speed pounding (HSP) for 240 min. The grain sizes in the surface layer decreased to about 25 nm. To study the wear behaviour of the nanocrystallised Hadfield steel, three types of samples (a nanocrystallised sample (NS), an untreated sample (US) and a deformed sample (DS) had the same hardness as NS) were studied by using a pin-on-disc type tribometer under un-lubricated conditions at 25 °C, 300 °C, and 500 °C. The experimental results show that the coefficient of friction and wear weight loss of the NS are lower than for the DS and the US and that the wear resistance is remarkably improved. Compared with the US, the enhanced wear properties of the NS must be attributed to the increased hardness, which improves the resistance to plastic deformation and wear removal. However, compared with the DS, after surface nanocrystallisation of the NS, a transition occurs in the dominant wear mechanism from adhesive wear to slight abrasive wear. Therefore, the advantages realised in the wear properties of the NS may be attributed to the enhancement of the surface activity by grain nanocrystallisation, which results in improvements in the formation of the oxide layer. The roughness of the worn surfaces shows that both the wear scar width and depth of the worn surface of the NS are much smaller than those found in the DS and the US. Finally, a wear model of nanocrystallised material was established.
__label__0, Oxysterols are oxidised forms of cholesterol or its precursors. In this article we will concentrate specifically on those formed in mammalian systems. Oxidation may be catalysed by endogenous enzymes or through reactive oxygen species forming a myriad of potential products. A number of these products are biologically active, and oxysterols may have roles in cholesterol homeostasis, neurogenesis, protein prenylation and in the immune system. Oxysterols are also implicated in aetiology of disease states including atherosclerosis, neurodegenerative and inflammatory diseases. Reports indicating the levels of oxysterols in plasma, cerebrospinal fluid and various tissues are in many cases unrealistic owing to a lack of attention to the possibility of autoxidation, a process by which oxysterols are formed from cholesterol by oxygen in air. This article comprises a critical assessment of the technical difficulties of oxysterol analysis, highlights methodologies utilising best practise and discusses newer procedures.
__label__0, The effects of gangrenous cholecystitis (GC) and consequent surgical interventions on the clinical outcomes and prognosis of patients with severe acute pancreatitis are not clear. The present study was to characterize the clinical outcomes of patients with severe acute pancreatitis complicated with GC.
__label__0, ZnO nanocrystals distributed by spin-coating on SiO2/Si surfaces were annealed in UHV and studied in situ by synchrotron radiation based X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy. Changes in chemical composition and electronic structure of ZnO nanocrystal surfaces were found with increasing annealing temperatures. Annealing at 650 °C reduces the surface contaminant levels without any observed de-composition of ZnO. After annealing at 700 °C an initial de-composition of ZnO together with further reduction of contaminants was observed. As a result, 650 °C is found to be the optimal annealing temperature for thermal cleaning of ZnO nanocrystals. Chemical changes and induced point defect formation cause changes in the band structure of the ZnO/SiO2/Si system. An upward band bending of 0.7 eV on the surfaces of the ZnO nanocrystals was found after annealing at 300 °C. The bands on the surfaces of ZnO nanocrystals gradually bend downwards with increasing annealing temperatures. A downward band bending of 1.4 eV is the result after annealing at 750 °C for 1 h. This large downward band bending is explained as due to the change in balance of oxygen vacancies and zinc vacancies on the surfaces of ZnO nanocrystals.
__label__0, Various N-sulfonylamino acid derivatives were synthesized and evaluated for their in vitro and in vivo activities to inhibit type IV collagenase (MMP-9 and MMP-2). When the amino acid residue and the sulfonamide moiety were modified, their inhibitory activities were greatly affected by the structure of the sulfonamide moiety. A series of aryl sulfonamide derivatives containing biaryl, tetrazole, amide, and triple bond were found to be potent and highly selective inhibitors of MMP-9 and MMP-2. In addition, these compounds were orally active in animal models of tumor growth and metastasis. These results revealed the potential of the N-sulfonylamino acid derivatives as a new type of candidate drug for the treatment of cancer.
__label__0, Synthetic strategies for constructing novel achiral cyclobutanoid isoxazolidinoimidazolidinedione heterocycles, with a generalized structure of II, have been developed via 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition and carbanilide cyclization transformations from methylenecyclobutane 13. The exo methylene cyclobutane system has made the realization of some diasteroselectivity possible, such that the H-bond (Boc-NH) directed product (i.e., 14) was obtained with 3:1 selectivity relative to the non-H-bond directed product (i.e., 15).
__label__0, For a separation system producing multicomponent products, stream splitting besides stream bypassing has long been recognized as a technique that always reduces total mass load (TML) and should always be preferred over sequential processing. Nevertheless, our preliminary analysis has indicated that stream splitting can increase TML under certain circumstances which, in turn, may increase the cost of the system; furthermore, even when stream splitting reduces TML, it may increase the mass load of one or more difficult separations and increase the cost of the system. An exhaustive parametric study of a class of relatively simple problems is performed in this work to reveal the impact of stream splitting on the sequencing of separation systems. Some significant observations have been made, and some guidelines have been established for evolutionarily improving separation system sequencing involving stream splitting.
__label__0, Using the structural information gathered from the X-ray structures of various cyclic urea/HIVPR complexes, we designed and synthesized many nonsymmetrical P2/P2‘-substituted cyclic urea analogues. Our efforts concentrated on using an indazole as one of the P2 substituents since this group imparted enzyme (Ki) potency as well as translation into excellent antiviral (IC90) potency. The second P2 substituent was used to adjust the physical and chemical properties in order to maximize oral bioavailability. Using this approach several very potent (IC90 11 nM) and orally bioavailable (F% 93−100%) compounds were discovered (21, 22). However, the resistance profiles of these compounds were inadequate, especially against the double (I84V/V82F) and ritonavir-selected mutant viruses. Further modification of the second P2 substituent in order to increase H-bonding interactions with the backbone atoms of residues Asp 29, Asp 30, and Gly 48 led to analogues with much better resistance profiles. However, these larger analogues were incompatible with the apparent molecular weight requirements for good oral bioavailability of the cyclic urea class of HIVPR inhibitors (MW < 610).
__label__0, In this work borosilicate zeolite catalysts for skeletal isomerization of normal alkenes, in particular n-butenes, have been synthesized and characterized. The HZSM-5 catalyst type was confirmed through X-ray diffraction and scanning electron microscopy tests. A BET surface area of approximately 350 m2/g, pore size of at least 5 Å, B/Si ratio of less than 1 wt %, and surface acidity of approimately 350 μmol of NH3/g were determined. The performance of this stable, active, and multifunctional catalyst was measured for skeletal isomerization of n-butenes to isobutene in an experimental reactor. It was observed that the selectivity of the isobutene reaction increases with a decrease in the acidity of zeolite, increase in temperature up to 600 °C, and a decrease in contact time. On the other hand, catalyst activity decreases at temperatures above 550 °C and with an increase in contact time due to the formation of side products and carbonaceous residues on the catalyst surface. Catalyst performance for skeletal isomerization of n-butenes was found to be satisfactory, namely an average yield of around 25 mol %, conversion of more than 50 mol %, and selectivity to isobutene of 45 mol % were observed. In addition, in this research a catalyst for skeletal isomerization of normal butenes was modified for sketetal dehydroisomerization of normal butane. This concept will be quantified in future publications. Industrial importance of this reaction is in the production of methyl tert-butyl ether from isobutene and methanol.
__label__0, 2-(4-Aminophenyl)benzothiazoles display potent and selective antitumor activity against inter alia breast, ovarian, colon, and renal cell lines, but their mechanism of action, though yet to be defined, may be novel. Metabolism is suspected to play a central role in the mode of action of these benzothiazoles since drug uptake and biotransformation were observed in sensitive cell lines (e.g., breast MCF-7 and MDA 468 cells) in vitro, whereas insensitive cell lines (e.g., prostate PC 3 cells) showed negligible uptake and biotransformation. N-Acyl derivatives of the arylamines have been synthesized, and in vitro studies confirm N-acetylation and oxidation as the main metabolic transformations of 2-(4-aminophenyl)benzothiazoles, with the predominant process being dictated by the nature of the 3‘-substituent. The prototype amine 3 underwent mainly N-acetylation in vitro, while 3‘-substituted analogues 4 and 5 were primarily oxidized. N-Acetylation of 4 to 11 exerts a drastic dyschemotherapeutic effect in vitro, but acetylation of the halogeno congeners 5−7 gave acetylamines 12−14 which substantially retain selective antitumor activity. In vivo pharmacokinetic studies in rats confirmed rapid and exclusive N-acetylation of the 3‘-methyl analogue 4, but less acetylation with the 3‘-chloro analogue 5. Distinct expression patterns of N-acetyltransferase NAT1 and NAT2 have been demonstrated in our panel of cell lines.
__label__0, In cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.) tolerance of manganese (Mn) excess depends on genotype, silicon (Si) nutrition, form of nitrogen (N) supply, and leaf age. The physiological mechanisms for improved Mn leaf-tissue tolerance are still poorly understood.
__label__0, If no structural information about a particular target protein is available, methods of rational drug design try to superimpose putative ligands with a given reference, e.g., an endogenous ligand. The goal of such structural alignments is, on the one hand, to approximate the binding geometry and, on the other hand, to provide a relative ranking of the ligands with respect to their similarity. An accurate superposition is the prerequisite of subsequent exploitation of ligand data by either 3D QSAR analyses, pharmacophore hypotheses, or receptor modeling. We present the automatic method FlexS for structurally superimposing pairs of ligands, approximating their putative binding site geometry. One of the ligands is treated as flexible, while the other one, used as a reference, is kept rigid. FlexS is an incremental construction procedure. The molecules to be superimposed are partitioned into fragments. Starting with placements of a selected anchor fragment, computed by two alternative approaches, the remaining fragments are added iteratively. At each step, flexibility is considered by allowing the respective added fragment to adopt a discrete set of conformations. The mean computing time per test case is about 1:30 min on a common-day workstation. FlexS is fast enough to be used as a tool for virtual ligand screening. A database of typical drug molecules has been screened for potential fibrinogen receptor antagonists. FlexS is capable of retrieving all ligands assigned to platelet aggregation properties among the first 20 hits. Furthermore, the program suggests additional interesting candidates, likely to be active at the same receptor. FlexS proves to be superior to commonly used retrieval techniques based on 2D fingerprint similarities. The accuracy of computed superpositions determines the relevance of subsequently performed ligand analyses. In order to validate the quality of FlexS alignments, we attempted to reproduce a set of 284 mutual superpositions derived from experimental data on 76 protein−ligand complexes of 14 proteins. The ligands considered cover the whole range of drug-size molecules from 18 to 158 atoms (PDB codes:  3ptb, 2er7). The performance of the algorithm critically depends on the sizes of the molecules to be superimposed. The limitations are clearly demonstrated with large peptidic inhibitors in the HIV and the endothiapepsin data set. Problems also occur in the presence of multiple binding modes (e.g., elastase and human rhinovirus). The most convincing results are achieved with small- and medium-sized molecules (as, e.g., the ligands of trypsin, thrombin, and dihydrofolate reductase). In more than half of the entire test set, we achieve rms deviations between computed and observed alignment of below 1.5 Å. This underlines the reliability of FlexS-generated alignments.
__label__0, Deacidification of crude vegetable oils containing high amounts of free fatty acids is the first step toward low-cost biodiesel production. In order to lower the acid content, the most popular method is based on an esterification process carried out with methanol and using Amberlysts as solid acid heterogeneous catalysts. This process was deeply investigated in recent years with good results. At the moment, the lifetime of the catalyst is the most crucial issue in industrial applications. With the aim of investigating this aspect, 90 consecutive batch deacidification runs, each lasting 6 h, were conducted using crude palm oil or soybean oil as a feedstock and Amberlyst 46 as a catalyst. At the end of the recycles, a decrease of activity of about 25% was observed, probably ascribed to some fragmentation of the catalyst’s particles, with a loss of active material, caused by the mechanical stress occurring in the batch reactor. The same reaction was also conducted in both continuous and semicontinuous catalytic packed-bed reactors, in order to immobilize the catalyst so as to prevent mechanical stress. A catalytic packed-bed reactor needs to be fed with a homogeneous methanol/vegetable oil emulsion: the results obtained with a traditional mechanical stirring and with an emulsificator were compared.
__label__0, Racemic 6-phenyl-4-phenylethynyl-1,4-dihydropyridine derivatives have been shown to be highly selective A3 adenosine receptor antagonists (Jiang et al. J. Med. Chem.1997, 40, 2596−2608). Methods for resolving the optical isomers at the C4 position, involving selective crystallization or chromatographic separation of diastereomeric ester derivatives, have been developed. Optically pure glycerol and threitol derivatives were used as chiral auxiliary groups for ester formation at the 3-position, resulting in diastereomeric mixtures of dihydropyridines. Esterification of a 6-phenyl-4-phenylethynyl-1,4-dihydropyridine derivative at the 3-position with a chiral, protected glycerol moiety, (S)-(+)-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolane-4-methanol, allowed the selective crystallization of a pure diastereomer, 9. The 1H NMR spectrum of 9 using the lanthanide shift reagent Eu(fod)3 indicated optical purity, and the (4S,2‘R)-configuration was assigned using X-ray crystallography. The noncrystalline (4R,2‘R)-isomer 10 was also isolated and shown to be 3-fold more potent than the (4S,2‘R)-isomer in binding to A3 receptors. The 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolane moiety also served as a protected form of a diol, which showed selective reactivity versus a 5-ethyl ester in basic transesterification reactions. A racemic 5-carboxylic acid derivative could not be resolved through crystallization of diastereomeric salts. Enantiomers of 5-benzyl 3-ethyl 2-methyl-6-phenyl-4-phenylethynyl-1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarboxylate (2) were obtained via an ester derived from (4R,5R)-(−)-2,3-O-isopropylidene-d-threitol at the 3-position, which was resolved using HPLC, and each diastereomer was subsequently deprotected in acidic conditions. The resulting diols were exchanged for ethyl ester groups by base-catalyzed transesterification. The binding of pure enantiomers of 2 at A3 adenosine receptors indicated a 35-fold stereoselectivity for the (4S)-isomer 21. A receptor docking hypothesis, using a previously derived human A3 receptor model, shows the bulkier of the two ester groups (5-Bn) of 21 oriented toward the exofacial side and the 4-position phenylethynyl group situated between transmembrane helical domain TM6 and TM7.
__label__0, The thermal decomposition of formic acid was studied in dilute aqueous solutions and in the absence of added oxygen at temperatures between 320 and 500 °C and pressures between 178 and 303 atm for residence times between 1.4 and 80 s. Under these conditions, the formic acid conversion ranged from 38% to 100%, and the major products were always CO2 and H2, which indicates that decarboxylation is the preferred reaction path for formic acid decomposition under hydrothermal conditions. CO also appeared as a product, which shows that a dehydration path is available, but the CO yield was always at least an order of magnitude lower than the yields of CO2 and H2. The kinetics of formic acid disappearance and product formation at temperatures above 320 °C are consistent with a reaction rate law that is first order in formic acid. The implications of the present results to the generally accepted molecular decomposition mechanism are discussed, as are the alternative free-radical, ionic, and surface-catalyzed reaction mechanisms proposed in the literature.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Natural convection mass transfer at a fixed bed of copper Raschig ring (aspect ratio = 1) has been studied experimentally using an electrochemical technique which involved measuring the limiting current of the cathodic deposition of copper from acidified copper sulfate solution. Variables studied were ring diameter, bed height, and physical properties of the solution. The data were correlated for the condition 1810 < Sc < 2532, 10.6 × 106 < ScGr < 21 × 107, and 0.17 < d/h < 1 by the equation Sh = 0.15(ScGr)0.32. A comparison between the present data and previous data at other packing geometry shows that the rate of natural convection mass transfer at Raschig rings is less than that at spheres and cylinders. The importance of the results to electrochemical reactor design is highlighted.
__label__0, Solubilities of p-hydroxybenzoic acid (p-HBA) and mixtures of the para and ortho isomers have been determined in supercritical carbon dioxide at 318 and 328 K for pressures in the range 101−203 bar. The solubility of p-HBA in carbon dioxide (p-HBA/CO2 binary system) is 2 orders of magnitude lower than the binary system solubility of o-HBA. However, measurements undertaken with an equilibrium chamber of mixed para and ortho isomers demonstrate a strong enhancement in the solubility of p-HBA. Furthermore, the enhancement was found to be independent of the composition of the equilibrium chamber. The binary and ternary (p-HBA/o-HBA/CO2) solubility data were correlated using a modified form of the Peng−Robinson equation of state. Covolume-dependent mixing rules were also used with the Peng−Robinson model in an attempt to improve the correlation of solubility data. Conventional supercritical fluid (SCF) extraction of a mixture of the isomers is capable of producing an extract which is 99% pure o-HBA in one extraction step. The potential for separation of the isomers using retrograde crystallization appears limited because of the similar crossover pressure for both isomers.
__label__0, Cu−Zn−Mn−Fe−Al layered double hydroxides (LDHs) with Cu/Zn/Mn/Fe/Al atomic ratios of 1/1/0/0/1, 1/1/1/0.3/0.7, and 1/0.7/0.3/0.3/0.7, respectively, in synthesis mixture were prepared by coprecipitation under controlled conditions of temperature and pH. The mixed oxides were obtained by decomposition of the precursors at 500 °C in air. The characterization has been performed by XRD, ICP-ES, FT-IR, TG−DTA, TG−DTA−MS, TEM, XPS,O2-TPD, and H2-TPR. The objective is to investigate the effects of Mn and Fe partial substitution into Cu−Zn−Al mixed metal oxide derived from LDH precursor on the physicochemical and catalytic properties. The results show that the Fe and Mn substitutions decrease the structural stability of LDHs and improve the redox behavior of calcined LDHs. The activity of catalytic wet hydrogen peroxide oxidation of phenol is proportional to the content of surface metal ions and mainly Cu2+ centers linked to the surface lattice oxygen, and the degree of the deep oxidation of it is mainly related to the reactivity of the weakly bonded surface oxygen, depending on the nature of the transition metal ions in the structure. The preoxidation of phenol by surface •OH radical originating from hydrogen peroxide favors the next deep oxidation.
__label__0, This study was aimed at evaluating perennial forages (timothy grass, alfalfa, and reed canary grass) as substrates for ethanol production. Two fractions, derived from the aqueous/steam fractionation of these plants, were used as carbon sources for ethanol production:  (i) a solution containing water-soluble hemicelluloses and (ii) cellulosic fines recovered after a delignification step. Both fractions were enzymatically hydrolyzed. The hemicellulose-rich fraction was easily saccharified with 90% of theoretical yield. Cellulosic fines were saccharified at 60−70% of theoretical yield. Increasing the delignification of cellulosic fines by alkaline peroxide treatment resulted in higher sugar yields. The glucose-rich hydrolyzate from cellulosic fines was easily fermented to 80−90% of theoretical ethanol yield with Saccharomyces cerevisiae or Pachysolen tannophilus. The pentose-rich hydrolyzate from water-soluble hemicelluloses was fermented to only 20% of theoretical ethanol yield with Pachysolen tannophilus. A lime treatment of the hemicellulose-rich liquors improved cell growth but did not improve ethanol production.
__label__0, Isothermal vapor−liquid equilibria were determined for two binary ionic liquid + water systems, from 323.3 to 368.2 K, and water mole fractions greater than 0.5. The ionic liquids used were 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium trifluoromethanesulfonate and 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium trifluoroacetate. In addition, predictive thermodynamic modeling of the vapor−liquid equilibrium was performed by correlating the nonrandom two-liquid, (39) universal quasi-chemical, (40) and electrolyte-NRTL (41) models to previously measured excess enthalpy and infinite dilution activity coefficient data from the literature. For each of the systems studied at least two of the models provided adequate predictions of vapor pressure and water activity coefficients. The good predictions of vapor−liquid equilibria by these common activity coefficient models lead us to favor excess enthalpy and infinite dilution activity coefficient data over vapor−liquid equilibria data, since predictions of excess enthalpies from vapor−liquid equilibria are not satisfactory.
__label__0, The Pd catalysts were prepared by impregnating Pd(CH3COO)2 in Al2O3 supports. To investigate the influence of mass transfer on the catalytic performance, the catalysts and the polystyrene-block-polybutadiene-block-polystyrene thermoplastic elastomers (SBS rubber) were prepared with average pore size ranging from 150 to 600 Å and molecule weight ranging from 100 000 to 200 000. The test reactions were carried out in a semibatch basket type reactor at 500 psig and temperature ranging from 80 to 180 °C. The experimental results indicated that, among the catalysts of different pore sizes, the catalyst with an average pore diameter of 389 Å presented the highest conversion and selectivity to olefinic microstructures for the SBS rubber of 100 000 in hexane. The superior catalytic performance for the catalyst was regarded as the compromise between pore size and the Pd dispersion of the catalyst; catalyst having a larger pore has lower mass-transfer limitation whereas it also has poorer Pd dispersion. Elevating the reaction temperature promotes the hydrogenation rate but decreases the selectivity to olefinic microstructures. Furthermore, the catalytic performance of the catalyst was greatly influenced by the solvent of SBS. Catalyzed by the same catalyst, after hydrogenation, the SBS in toluene presented better quality than that in cyclohexane.
__label__0, Oxidative coupling of methane (OCM) on a conventional fixed-bed reactor (FBR) and a ceramic dense membrane reactor (DMR) packed with Li/MgO catalyst is analyzed using plug-flow reactor models. The validity of OCM kinetic equations employed in the modeling is confirmed by excellent agreement between the simulation and experimental data for OCM on FBR. For FBR, a high methane to oxygen feed ratio favors the OCM reaction, with a low C2 yield because of insufficient oxygen supply. The highest C2 yield achieved with a feed mixture consisting of 70% methane and 30% oxygen is 20.7% at a selectivity of 53% and operating temperature of 750 °C. The C2 yield and selectivity increase slightly at a higher operating temperature. The optimal feed ratio does not change with temperature. DMR is made of a mixed-conducting ceramic membrane tube packed with an OCM catalyst. The membrane tube separates the methane and oxygen feed. The oxygen concentration in the DMR is much lower and more uniform than that in the FBR because of the different reactant feeding mode and logarithemic dependence of oxygen flux on oxygen partial pressures of the dense ceramic membrane. This results in a significantly increased C2 selectivity and yield for the DMR as compared to the FBR.
__label__0, Water, in its subcritical state, can be used as both a solvent and reactant for the hydrolysis of triglycerides. In this study, soybean, linseed, and coconut oils were successfully and reproducibly hydrolyzed to free fatty acids with water at a density of 0.7 g/mL and temperatures of 260−280 °C. Under these conditions the reaction proceeds quickly, with conversion of greater than 97% after 15−20 min. Some geometric isomerization of the linolenic acids was observed at reaction temperatures as low as 250 °C. Reactions carried out at higher temperatures and pressures, up to the critical point of water, produced either/or degradation, pyrolysis, and polymerization, of the oils and resultant fatty acids.
__label__0, A comprehensive 10-step kinetic model of the oxidative coupling of methane to C2+ hydrocarbons over a La2O3/CaO catalyst was developed on the basis of kinetic measurements in a microcatalytic fixed-bed reactor covering a wide range of reaction conditions (1 < pO2 < 20 kPa, 10 < pCH4 < 95 kPa, 700 < T < 955 °C, 0.76 mCat/V̇STP ≤ 250 kg·s/m3). The reaction scheme contains three primary and seven consecutive steps. The conversion of hydrocarbons and of carbon monoxide with oxygen were described by applying Hougen−Watson type rate equations. For the other reactions power-law rate equations were used. From the experimental data kinetic parameters, i.e. frequency factors, apparent activation energies, and adsorption enthalpies, were estimated. With the kinetic model the experimentally determined conversions of methane and oxygen, as well as yields to C2 hydrocarbons and carbon oxides, could be predicted with an average accuracy of ±20%.
__label__0, Oxidative coupling of methane (OCM) to higher hydrocarbons over Sr-promoted La2O3 supported on commercial low surface area porous catalyst carriers (containing mainly alumina and silica) at 800 and 850 °C and a space velocity of 102 000 cm3·g-1·h-1 has been thoroughly investigated. Effects of support, catalyst particle size, linear gas velocity (at the same space velocity), Sr/La ratio, CH4/O2 ratio in the feed, and catalyst dilution by inert solid particles on the conversion, yield, or selectivity and product ratios (C2H4/C2H6 and CO/CO2) in the OCM process have been studied. The catalysts have been characterized for their basicity, acidity, and oxygen chemisorption by the TPD of CO2, ammonia, and oxygen, respectively, from 50 to 950 °C and also characterized for their surface area. The supported catalysts showed better performance than the unsupported one. The best OCM results (obtained over Sr-La2O3/SA-5205 with a Sr/La ratio of 0.3 at a space velocity of 102 000 cm3·g-1·h-1) are 30.1% CH4 conversion with 65.6% selectivity for C2+ (or 19.7% C2+-yield) at 800 °C (CH4/O2 = 4.0) and 12.8% CH4 conversion with 85.1% selectivity for C2+ (or 10.9% C2+-yield) at 850 °C (CH4/O2 = 16.0). The basicity is strongly influenced by the Sr/La ratio; the supported catalysts showed the best performance for their Sr/La ratio of about 0.3. The methane/O2 ratio also showed a strong influence on the OCM process. However, the influence of linear gas velocity and particle size is found to be small; it results mainly from the temperature gradient in the catalyst. The catalyst dilution has little or no effect on the conversion and selectivity. However, it has beneficial effects for achieving a higher C2H4/C2H6 ratio and also for reducing the hazardous nature of the OCM process because of the coupling of the exothermic oxidative conversion reactions and the endothermic thermal cracking reactions and also due to the increased heat transfer area.
__label__0, To discover agents that might be useful in the treatment of cocaine abuse, we have chosen to re-explore a class of molecules that was first reported by Clarke et al. in 1973 and that was and shown to lack locomotor stimulatory activity in mice. These compounds are piperidine-3-carboxylic acid esters bearing a 4-chlorophenyl group in position 4, and as such, these structures may be viewed as truncated versions of the WIN series compounds, i.e., they lack the two-carbon bridge of the tropanes. All members of this class were synthesized starting from arecoline hydrobromide and obtained in optically pure form through resolution methods using either (+)- or (−)-dibenzoyltartaric acid. Interestingly, we have found that these piperidines do, in fact, exhibit substantial affinity in both WIN 35,428 binding at the dopamine transporter and in the inhibition of [3H]dopamine uptake. Of all of the compounds synthesized, the 3-n-propyl derivative (−)-9 was found to be the most potent with a binding affinity of 3 nM. This simple piperidine is thus 33-fold more potent than cocaine in binding affinity and 29-fold more potent in its inhibition of dopamine uptake. Although no efforts have presently been made to “optimize” binding affinity at the DAT, the substantive activity found for the n-propyl derivative (−)-9 is remarkable; the compound is only about 10-fold less active than the best of the high-affinity tropanes of the WIN series. As a further point of interest, it was found that the cis-disubstituted piperidine (−)-3 is only about 2-fold more potent than its trans isomer (+)-11. This result stands in sharp contrast to the data reported for the tropane series, for the epimerization of the substituent at C-2 from β to α has been reported to result in a lowering of activity by 30−200-fold. This smaller spread in binding affinities for the piperidines may reflect the smaller size of these molecules relative to the tropanes, which allows both the cis and the trans isomers to adjust themselves to the binding site on the DAT. Our present demonstration that these piperidine structures do, in fact, possess significant DAT activity, taken together with their reported lack of locomotor activity, provides a compelling argument for exploring this class of molecules further in animal behavioral experiments. The present work thus broadens the scope of structures that may be considered as lead structures in the search for cocaine abuse medications.
__label__0, A class of less toxic retinoids, called heteroarotinoids, was evaluated for their molecular mechanism of growth inhibition of two head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) cell lines SCC-2 and SCC-38. A series of 14 heteroarotinoids were screened for growth inhibition activity in vitro. The two most active compounds, one that contained an oxygen heteroatom (6) and the other a sulfur heteroatom (16), were evaluated in a xenograph model of tumor establishment in nude mice. Five days after subcutaneous injection of 107 SCC-38 cells, groups of 5 nu/nu mice were gavaged daily (5 days/week for 4 weeks) with 20 mg/kg/day of all-trans-retinoic acid (t-RA, 1), 10 mg/kg/day of 6, 10 mg/kg/day of 16, or sesame oil. After a few days, the dose of t-RA (1) was decreased to 10 mg/kg/day to alleviate the side effects of eczema and bone fracture. No significant toxic effects were observed in the heteroarotinoid groups. All three retinoids caused a statistically significant reduction in tumor size as determined by the Student t-test (P < 0.05). Complete tumor regression was noted in 3 of 5 mice treated with t-RA (1), 4 of 5 mice treated with 16, 1 of 5 mice treated with 6, and 1 of 5 mice treated with sesame oil. Reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) was used to determine that the expression levels of RARα, RXRα, and RXRβ were similar in the two cell lines, while RARβ expression was higher in SCC-2 over SCC-38, and RARγ expression was higher in SCC-38 over SCC-2. Receptor cotransfection assays in CV-1 cells demonstrated that 16 was a potent activator of both RAR and RXR receptors, while 6 was selective for the RXR receptors. Transient cotransfection assays in CV-1 cells using an AP-1 responsive reporter plasmid demonstrated that t-RA (1), 6, and 16 each inhibited AP-1-driven transcription in this cell line. In conclusion, the growth inhibition activity of the RXR-selective 6 and the more potent growth inhibition activity of the RAR/RXR pan-agonist 16 implicate both RARs and RXRs in the molecular mechanism of retinoid growth inhibition. Moreover, the chemoprevention activity and the lack of toxicity of heteroarotinoids demonstrate their clinical potential in head and neck cancer chemoprevention.
__label__0, Hydrodynamic characteristics among different flow regimes of gas fluidized beds are compared on the basis of experiments with fluidized catalytic cracking particles in a 76.2 mm diameter riser. Pressure and local voidage fluctuations were analyzed using both statistical and chaotic tools. The standard deviations of local voidage fluctuations are much lower in a high-density circulating fluidized-bed riser than in the bubbling and turbulent flow regimes, even for identical local time-mean voidages. A chaotic time series analysis can distinguish flow structures of the various flow regimes. Bifractal structures, characterized by two Hurst exponents, two correlation dimensions, and two Kolmogorov entropies, characterize the motions of the dilute and emulsion phases in the bubbling and turbulent flow regimes. The two-phase structure becomes less distinguishable with increasing gas velocity, eventually disappearing on reaching dilute phase transport. However, for high solids concentrations, the bifractal character persists, suggesting that particles may travel in two different forms. Radial profiles of chaotic parameters are relatively flat in the bubbling and turbulent flow regimes, but significantly nonuniform in dense suspension upflow. Flow behavior in the high-density riser and in the dense bottom region of a low-density riser operated in the fast fluidization regime differ from the bubbling and turbulent flow regimes, even when compared where there are equal local voidages.
__label__0, The gas-phase hydrogenolysis of dimethyl maleate has been studied over copper/zinc oxide catalysts at temperatures between 473 and 513 K in the pressure range from 2 to 35 bar. A Cu/ZnO catalyst with a low copper content of 15 mol % was found to be the most active for the conversion of dimethyl maleate. At very low residence times, significant amounts of dimethyl maleate isomerize to dimethyl fumarate. The reaction then proceeds via the saturated ester, dimethyl succinate, until 1,4-butanediol and γ-butyrolactone are formed together with methanol. Furthermore, the chosen catalyst produces low amounts of tetrahydrofuran and water and only traces of undesirable butanol and CO2. It was found that the production of high amounts of 1,4-butanediol in one step is not possible, because the simultaneous presence of diesters and butanediol gives rise to the formation of a polymeric material via transesterification. Therefore, a two-step process including the complete conversion of dimethyl maleate to γ-butyrolactone, carried out at high temperature and moderate pressure, without formation of butanediol followed by the hydrogenation of γ-butyrolactone to 1,4-butanediol at low temperature and high pressure was proposed. It could be shown by systematic investigation of the hydrogenation of γ-butyrolactone that the amount of 1,4-butanediol formed is limited by thermodynamic constraints. The dependence of the equilibrium constant for the reaction between γ-butyrolactone and 1,4-butanediol was determined as a function of temperature and pressure.
__label__0, An induction-coupled plasma reactor was used to thermally decompose polypropylene into propylene and other useful chemicals. From a series of statistically designed experiments, it was found that plasma power input, sheath gas flow rate, central gas flow rate, powder feed rate, quench gas flow rate, and interaction of sheath gas flow rate with power and feed rate were the key parameters affecting the yield of monomer in the product gas stream. On average, 78 wt % of the polymer was converted into gas at a power level of 20 kVA. The product gas stream, on an argon-free basis, contained 94% propylene, with the balance being methane, ethylene, and some C4's. Transmission electron microscopic analysis of the carbon residue indicated the formation of some novel carbon structures, including carbon nanotubes.
__label__0, Several donor-σ acceptor (D-σ-A) molecules with thioalkyl side chains have been prepared by ruthenium-activated nucleophilic aromatic substition (SNAr) reactions. Selective substitution of chloride from cyclopentadienyl(1,4-dichlorobenzene)ruthenium by using piperazine derivatives as nucleophiles is addressed. This selectivity, in combination with further manipulation of the complexes, allows the preparation of unsymmetrically functionalized tetraalkyl-p-phenylenediamine (TAPD) units which are difficult to synthesize by traditional organic SNAr conditions. Phenanthroline-assisted decomplexation of the product arene−RuCp systems under UV irradiation is described.
__label__0, σ Receptors have been the focus of extensive studies because of their potential functional role in several important physiological and biochemical processes. To further evaluate the properties of σ receptors, especially σ-1 and σ-2 subtypes, we have synthesized a series of N,N‘-disubstituted piperazine compounds (1−32). The design of these compounds was based upon the early structure−activity relationship (SAR) studies of the minimum structural requirements of a molecule necessary to elicit σ receptor binding activity. In the N-(3-phenylpropyl)piperazine series, compounds with the ethylenediamine moiety (8−11, 15−17) showed 6−20-fold higher affinity for σ-1 and 2−40-fold higher affinity for σ-2 relative to their corresponding amides (1−7). The (m-nitrophenethyl)piperazine 10 exhibits a subnanomolar affinity for the σ-1 site, whereas the corresponding o-nitro compound 9 shows the highest affinity for the σ-2 site (Ki = 4.9 nM). Compounds with a free amino terminus were designed as precursors for use as bioconjugated affinity compounds. Some of these compounds displayed high affinity for σ-1 and moderate affinity for σ-2 sites and are currently used for the purification and characterization of the receptor subtypes.
__label__0, The liquid−liquid equilibria (LLE) data were experimentally measured for the partially miscible systems of n-propanol−water−NaCl, n-propanol−water−NaBr, n-propanol−water−KCl, and i-propanol−water−NaCl at 25 °C. A method of calculation for the prediction of the salting effect on the LLE of organic aqueous solutions was proposed to correlate the experimental tie-line data. In the proposed method, the activity coefficients of the solvents were calculated by Tan's modified Wilson model which was combined with a vapor pressure model of electrolyte solutions, and the mean ionic activity coefficient was calculated by the Gibbs−Duhem equation. The parameters required by the proposed method could be estimated by the vapor pressures of a water−salt system and the alcohol−water interaction parameters in the liquid-phase activity coefficient model. No ternary parameter was required. The proposed method has been used to predict the LLE data measured by this work, and the overall average deviation of tie-line compositions was 0.018.
__label__0, Previous mineralogical classifications of kimberlites are considered inadequate principally because they fail to take into account the full range of primary minerals that occur in these rocks. A new classification is therefore proposed based on the relative abundances in kimberlites of five primary minerals. These minerals are diopside, monticellite, phlogopite, calcite and serpentine.
__label__0, The uranium content of some 150 kimbetlite samples from United States occurrences has been determined by delayed neutron activation analysis (DNAA). The DNAA method is much more accurate and precise than gamma ray scintillation techniques; the latter method commonly yields equivalent Uranium (eU) values which are 10 to 300 percent too high. Our U data (by DNAA) combined with Th and K data (by DNAA and wet methods) for fewer samples yield results in agreement with those of investigators who have reported on non-United States kimberlites. In general, the U abundances in kimberlites are significantly higher than for other ultramafic rocks, potassium is usually higher, and thorium data are extremely variable. U/Th ratios far in excess of 4 are common.
__label__0, The presence of eclogitic xenoliths often found in kimberlites suggested the possibility of formation of kimberlitic magma by separation of eclogitic fraction from a picritic magma. In order to elucidate this problem both nepheline-normative and hypersthene-normative picrites from Japan have been studied at temperatures and pressures up to 1300°C and 30 kbar in presence of excess water. It is concluded from the present investigation that partial melting of a nepheline - normative picrite at high pressures may produce a kimberlitic magma by subtracting the eclogitic fraction, but a hypersthene-normative picrite is not suitable for the formation of kimberlitic magma. The stability relation of amphibole in the experimental product indicates that kimberlite formation takes place at depth not less than 70 km, or probably 100 km under the condition of low geothermal gradient.
__label__0, A fracture dynamic model in which an igneous intrusion of magma within a crack occurs is used to describe the physical processes of kimberlite pipe eruption. A symbiotic relationship exists between the crack and the fluid. The crack tip cannot accelerate faster than the fluid within it can flow in the channel provided by the crack, and the speed of the fluid is limited by its own viscosity. A volatile phase at the tip of the crack at lithostatic pressures will allow the crack to accelerate to high speeds, since the viscosity of a volatile is small.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The transition in failure mode from brittle fracture to plastic flow is important in understanding seismic source mechanics, the strength of the crust, and the style of deformation at the field scale. Recent studies in three areas have yielded new insight into the physics and mechanics of the brittle-plastic transition: acquisition of high quality mechanical data, systematic observations of deformation microstructures, and advances in the the oretical modeling of the failure of rocks in compression. Mechanical behavior over the brittle-ductile transition has been characterized for some rocks by measuring the pressure and temperature sensitivity of strength and by observing failure mode; particular advances have resulted from the measurement of volumetric strain. However, there have been few comprehensive studies of semibrittle flow in silicate rocks at high pressures and temperatures, or of the effect of variations of pore fluids, strain rate, and grain size on strength and rheology. The strengths at the transition from brittle fracture to semibrittle flow and from semibrittle flow to fully plastic flow are apparantly linear functions of pressure, but the physical bases for the relations are not well established. Qualitative microstructural observations have provided information on the conditions under which various deformation mechanisms operate, estimates of strain partitioning, and identification of crack nucleation mechanisms. Recent quantitative microstructural measurements place important constraints on the micromechanics of deformation in the semibrittle field, but important gaps in our understanding remain. Theoretical treatments of rock failure based on bifurcation analyses and fracture mechanics model successfuly only some of the experimental observations.
__label__0, Intact samples of aplite, albite rock, and quartzite deformed at 900–1100°C, 10−6/sec, and 1500 MPa all show homogeneous strain by dislocation creep. Pre-faulted samples of aplite and albite rock subsequently deformed at these conditions develop localized ductile shear zones along the former faults, whereas pre-faulted quartzite samples deform homogeneously. The difference in behavior of the feldspathic and quartzite samples is due to the different accommodation mechanisms for dislocation creep in these minerals at these conditions. Feldspars undergo recrystallization-accommodated dislocation creep; recrystallized grains form by grain boundary migration, and are initially strain-free and weaker than the work hardened original grains. In contrast quartz undergoes climb-accommodated dislocation creep; recrystallized grains form primarily by subgrain rotation, and have a similar dislocation density and thus a similar strength as the original grains. In all three materials the early-formed fault gouge sinters at the higher temperature, and forms a planar zone of fully recrystallized material, but only in the feldspathic rocks does this constitute a weaker zone. The same behavior is observed for samples with added water. At natural strain rates, feldspars undergo recrystallization-accommodated dislocation creep at greenschist to amphibolite grade, and for feldspathic rocks deformed at these conditions, pre-existing faults on all scales should preferentially recrystallize and become ductile shear zones. In contrast, pre-existing faults in feldspathic rocks deformed at granulile grade, or in quartzites deformed at greenschist through granulite grade, where the dominant deformation mechanism is climb-accommodated dislocation creep, should not become ductile shear zones.
__label__0, An apparatus is described for the mechanical testing of beam specimens in reciprocating four-point flexure at elevated temperatures . When a partially molten aggregate, having an overall Newtonian rheology, is subjected to a flexural state of stress, a large creep transient is observed; this transient is an anelastic flow, which is directly correlated to the long-distance migration of the melt phase across the specimen. Experiments of reciprocating flexure at low strain amplitudes and low frequency allow direct measurement of internal friction (attenuation) solely related to melt motion. The specimen assembly to perform such experiments consists of nested outer and inner load point “cages” with threaded fittings. Fabricated from a refractory molybdenum alloy, this assembly is combined with a gravity-fed, three-point extensometer, a controlled-atmosphere chamber with a frictionless environmental seal and a testing apparatus capable of controlled, very-low-amplitude and frequency load cycling.
__label__0, Methods and apparatus to measure electrical conductivity of insulator materials to 1500°C are described. The apparatus is capable of controlling oxidation in iron-bearing silicates and preventing reaction with electrodes and conductivity-cell materials.
__label__0, Two new apparatuses are under development for laboratory measurement of the attenuation of strain waves in the seismic frequency range. Attenuation is determined from the phase shift between stress and strain in harmonically deformed samples. To preserve amplitude independence, the strain is limited to a maximum of amplitude of 10−6. The exceedingly small displacements associated with these strains are measured by means of laser interferometry. This permits high sensitivity and accuracy under extreme environmental conditions. Sensitivity as high as 10−10 m has been attained. One apparatus measures the complex shear modulus of mantle-relevant crystals under temperatures up to 1700 K with controlled fugacity conditions. The second is for investigation of the complex Young's and the complex shear moduli of sedimentary rock samples as a function of pressure (to 100 MPa), temperature (to 450 K), and pore content.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Two active experiments, a relaxation sounder and a mutual impedance probe on board the Viking satellite, are used to determine the plasma density in the cusp and polar regions up to 13,500km, the apogee of the spacecraft. The results are compared with density estimations derived from the upper frequency cut-off of auroral hiss. The latter estimations, valid most of the time in the polar cap, are generally not a right indicator of the total density value in the cusp region. Density data from a set of several passes indicate median values of about 40cm-3 in the cusp proper, 25cm-3 in the boundary cusp and 4cm-3 in the polar cap, for altitudes close to the apogee. The global electron temperature, estimated for few events by the combined wave and particle instrumentation, is much higher in the cusp (of the order of several 1OeV) than in the polar cap (less than 1eV). In both regions, the active wave experiments are useful tools, which complement the informations provided by the particle analyzers and the passive wave measurements.
__label__0, We hypothesize that, in the early stage of replenishment of plasmaspheric flux tubes following magnetic storms, two important processes in the trapping and accumulation of plasma occur through stochastic wave-driven pitch-angle scattering and perpendicular heating of inflowing ionospheric particles. By treating the motion of particles as basically adiabatic but incorporating velocity-space diffusion associated with (1) pitch-angle scattering arising from ion interactions with left-hand circularly polarized electromagnetic waves and (2) perpendicular ion heating due to electromagnetic ion cyclotron waves, we calculate (a) bouncing ion trajectories, and (b) large-scale density evolution of ‘polar wind' ionospheric ions flowing onto a closed L=4 flux tube. It is found that relatively modest power levels of wave-particle interactions lead to important effects on ion trajectories including decreasing mirror latitudes and sometimes significant and abrupt equatorial entrainment of these ions. Also, significant general accumulation of plasma all along the magnetic flux tube with up to 10 or more ions/cc in the equatorial regions after about 12 hours following initiation of refilling is observed.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The addition of nitrile oxides to [60]fullerene, leading to isoxazolinofullerenes, can be reversed using reducing agents such as Mo(CO)6 or DIBALH. Thus, this reaction can be used, in principle, for protection/deprotection of [60]fullerene or for solubilization purposes. The tether-controlled tandem addition of nitrile oxides and azomethine ylides provides mainly cis-1 patterns. The determination of the structure of bisadducts was obtained by NMR spectroscopy with the help of HMQC, HMBC, and NOEDS techniques. The isoxazoline moiety could be removed using Mo(CO)6 leaving a fulleropyrrolidine derivative.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Toluene and dibutyl phthalate (DBP) are found in many consumer products, including cosmetics, synthetic fragrances, and nail polish. In 2012, the California Environmental Protection Agency evaluated 25 nail products and found that 83% of the products that claimed to be toluene-free contained toluene at concentrations ranging up to 190,000 ppm, and 14% of the products that claimed to be DBP-free contained DBP at concentrations ranging up to 88,000 ppm. We conducted a preliminary, screening-level analysis of the potential toluene and DBP-related health risks to consumers and professionals based on the medium and maximum concentrations of toluene and DBP presented in the 2012 report and evaluated dermal and inhalation exposure to a salon patron, nail technician, and home user. We concluded that the maximum toluene concentration for the technician and home user scenarios exceeded the California MADL, but the estimated air concentrations did not exceed the Federal or Cal OSHA PEL. The MADL for DBP was exceeded for all user scenarios at both the median and maximum concentrations. Using these highly conservative assumptions, exposures above regulatory limits could possibly occur during routine use of nail products; further research is needed in order to evaluate potential human health risks.
__label__0, To control heat and mass transfer during freezing, it is essential to understand the phase change behavior of ice crystals. However, limited research has been performed on the coupling effects involved in the kinetics of ice crystal nucleation and growth with fluid flow and heat transfer in porous media. In this paper, the conditions of nucleation and crystal growth, which must be met during the ice crystallization process, were studied. In the process of water freezing, we thought water activity is the inducing factor of the ice-water phase transformation. Based on the ‘water-activity criterion’, a macro kinetic model of ice crystal growth was established, which is useful to quantify the processes of nucleation and growth coupled with fluid flow and heat transfer. The driving force of moisture migration is the chemical potential gradient under different temperatures based on thermodynamics, which is different from the conventional form obtained from Darcy’s law. In addition, a mathematical model coupling the heat-fluid transport in a fully saturated soil with phase change was proposed. Because the problem is significantly nonlinear, a numerical method for its solution was applied, and the temperature, moisture and frost heave of a soil column during the freezing process were calculated. Validation of the model is illustrated by comparisons between the simulation and experimental results. From this study, it is found that temperature has a great influence on the distribution of the total water content during ice crystallization and moisture migration, and the relationship between water velocity and temperature can be used to explain the distribution of the water content. The predicted values are consistent with the experimental data and verify the accuracy of the crystallization kinetics approach that couples heat and mass transfer in porous media.
__label__0, Consultant editor Ken Brookes visited the 2015 3D Printing Conference.
__label__0, Despite innovation's importance in firm strategy and competitiveness, most innovation research fails to examine some important questions relating to innovation. This study focuses on two innovation management issues: Identification of determinants of the innovation management process and the implications of these determinants for firm innovation performance. Building on Tidd and Bessant's (2009) conceptual model, this study examines innovation capacity constructs within innovation management structures.
__label__0, The opening and closing of the equatorial East African forest belt during the Quaternary is thought to have influenced the biogeographic histories of early modern humans and fauna, although precise details are scarce due to a lack of archaeological and paleontological records associated with paleoenvironmental data. With this in mind, we provide a description and paleoenvironmental reconstruction of the Late Pleistocene Middle Stone Age (MSA) artifact- and fossil-bearing sediments from Karungu, located along the shores of Lake Victoria in western Kenya. Artifacts recovered from surveys and controlled excavations are typologically MSA and include points, blades, and Levallois flakes and cores, as well as obsidian flakes similar in geochemical composition to documented sources near Lake Naivasha (250 km east). A combination of sedimentological, paleontological, and stable isotopic evidence indicates a semi-arid environment characterized by seasonal precipitation and the dominance of C4 grasslands, likely associated with a substantial reduction in Lake Victoria. The well-preserved fossil assemblage indicates that these conditions are associated with the convergence of historically allopatric ungulates from north and south of the equator, in agreement with predictions from genetic observations. Analysis of the East African MSA record reveals previously unrecognized north–south variation in assemblage composition that is consistent with episodes of population fragmentation during phases of limited dispersal potential. The grassland-associated MSA assemblages from Karungu and nearby Rusinga Island are characterized by a combination of artifact types that is more typical of northern sites. This may reflect the dispersal of behavioral repertoires—and perhaps human populations—during a paleoenvironmental phase dominated by grasslands.
__label__0, Firm-level heterogeneity shapes foreign direct investment (FDI) flows, whereby a few firms are responsible for most of the world's FDI. Aggregate outcomes of FDI are highly skewed, and the estimates of FDI's antecedents vary largely depending on FDI level. The incidence of individual firms, however, varies across FDI's quantiles. To study the individual firms' effect on FDI flows, this study develops a quantile regression method for bilateral FDI panel data. This study estimates the differential incidence of individual firm-level projects on aggregate flows among 161 countries from 2003 to 2012. Results suggest that FDI's determinants vary across quantiles. In particular, the effect of individual projects on FDI flows increases in the upper quantiles. Policymakers may use this insight to target polices on the few to benefit the many.
__label__0, Peripheral receptors may contribute to the effects of systemically administered centrally available analgesics. In the present study, we analysed the effect of local peripheral injection of the nociceptin/orphanin FQ peptide (NOP) receptor agonist Ro65-6570 and compared it to the µ-opioid peptide (MOP) receptor agonist morphine in streptozotocin-induced diabetic polyneuropathy in rats. Ro65-6570 and morphine were injected intraplantarly into the hind paw of diabetic rats, and mechanical withdrawal thresholds were determined in both paws (ipsi- and contralateral to the injection site). Ro65-6570 in the dose range of 7.1–71.4 nmol/animal showed antihyperalgesic effects with maximal efficacy of 57.1±15.4% maximal possible effect (MPE) at the dose of 23.8 nmol/animal. Intraplantar administration of morphine showed dose-dependent antihyperalgesic effects in the dose range of 25.8–257.8 nmol/animal in a similar efficacy range with a maximal efficacy of 76.0±12.1% MPE at the dose of 257.8 nmol/animal. Both compounds did not induce overt confounding side effects across the tested dose range. The NOP receptor antagonist J-113397 and the MOP receptor antagonist naloxone, intraplantarly co-administered with the respective agonists, selectively and completely prevented the antihyperalgesic action of the respective NOP and MOP receptor agonist. These results indicate that the activation of peripheral NOP and MOP receptors by Ro65-6570 and morphine, respectively, mediated antihyperalgesic effects in rats with diabetic polyneuropathy.
__label__0, Antispastic medications that are directed to reduce clinical signs of spasticity, such as exaggerated reflexes and muscle tone, do not improve the movement disorder. Medication can even increase weakness which might interfere with functional movements, such as walking. In this chapter we address how spasticity affects mobility and how this should be taken into account in the treatment of spasticity.
__label__0, This chapter highlights the anode used in a solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC). Currently, nickel is used exclusively as the SOFC anode material. This metal is preferred primarily because of its low cost. To maintain the required porous structure of nickel over long periods at high temperatures and to provide other desired properties for the anode, ZrO2 stabilized by Y203- is often incorporated as a support. The main function of the SOFC anode is to provide reaction sites for the electrochemical oxidation of the fuel. Therefore, the anode material must be stable in the fuel reducing environment and have sufficient electronic conductivity and catalytic activity for the fuel gas reaction at the operating conditions. Because the SOFC operates at high temperatures (600 º to 1000 ºC), the anode should be chemically and thermally compatible with the other cell components, from room temperature to those operating temperatures and even higher temperatures at which the fuel cell is fabricated. The key requirements for the anode in the SOFC are dependent on the following factors stability, conductivity, compatibility, thermal expansion, porosity, and catalytic activity. Because of the reducing conditions of the fuel gas, metals can be used as SOFC anode materials. At the high operating temperature of the SOFC, suitable metals are limited mainly to nickel, cobalt, and noble metals. Currently, the most common anode material is nickel metal, often dispersed on an Y203-stabilized ZrO2 (YSZ) support(cermet).
__label__0, The Al–5.0 wt.% Cu–0.6 wt.% Mn alloys with a variable Fe content were prepared by squeeze casting
__label__0, Ball milling (BM) combined with spark plasma sintering (SPS) is increasingly used for fabricating high-performance thermoelectric materials. This work was conducted to clarify the effects of BM and SPS on the electrical transport and thermoelectric properties of both p- and n-type Bi2Te3 based materials using commercially available p-type (Bi,Sb)2Te3 and n-type Bi2(Se,Te)3 ingots. Interestingly, it is found that BM and SPS differently affected the electrical properties of p- and n-type Bi2Te3-based thermoelectric materials; the dimensionless thermoelectric figure of merit (ZT) increases in p-type Bi0.5Sb1.5Te3 but decreases somewhat in n-type Bi2Te2.7Se0.3 after BM and SPS. Hall experiments reveal the reason for this difference. Both p-type and n-type sintered materials show 2–3 times higher mechanical strength than the ingots because of microstructure refinement effect, which has been measured by using a small-sized biaxial bending test. The improved mechanical properties are in favor for device fabrication.
__label__0, Application of Ag3SbS3, obtained by soft chemical approach involving rapid reaction of air stable metal–thiourea complexes in ethylene glycol medium, as visible light photocatalyst for the degradation of dye solutions was investigated. Ag3SbS3 was confirmed by high resolution powder X-ray diffraction pattern and its no defined morphology was present in SEM images. From UV–vis spectroscopy measurements, optical band gap of 1.77 eV was deduced for Ag3SbS3. Rapid degradation kinetics and recyclability was exhibited by Ag3SbS3 towards Methylene Blue, Methyl Orange, Malachite Green, and Rhodamine 6G dye solutions under visible radiation. All these processes followed pseudo first order kinetics. High surface area (6.39 m2/g), with mesopores (3.81 nm), arising from solvent mediated synthesis of Ag3SbS3 has been correlated to its catalytic activity.
__label__0, Nitric oxide (NO) is an important cellular messenger that helps regulate cerebral blood flow and can modulate synaptic plasticity. NO is the only known biological molecule that can be produced in high enough concentrations and reacts fast enough to out-compete superoxide dismutase for superoxide, and can be an important target for superoxide. Simply inhibiting NO synthesis is shown to enhance injury after cerebral ischaemia. Delayed administration of nitroarginine until the time of reperfusion may be protective by reducing the excessive generation of NO. It is found that mice with the NOS gene knocked out are more resistant to cerebral ischaemia induced in the middle cerebral artery (MCA) territory, and treatment with nitroarginine worsened the outcome. Overexpression of the extracellular superoxide dismutase gene resulted in greater susceptibility of mice exposed to hyperbaric oxygen, while inhibition of NO was protective.
__label__0, Several breeding strategies that can affect carcass composition and meat quality are reviewed in this article. These include: (1) selection between breeds within species; (2) crossbreeding to combine desirable characteristics from more than one breed or strain, or to exploit heterosis in crossbred progeny; and (3) genetic selection of superior breeding stock within a breed. Genetic influences on carcass and meat quality and selection programs designed to improve these traits are discussed.
__label__0, Co2+, Ni2+, Cu2+, Cr3+, Mn2+ and Fe3+ complexes of Polyacrylamide are prepared and characterized by elemental analyses, IR, UV–Vis spectra, magnetic measurements, and thermal analyses. The data suggests octahedral geometry for all complexes. The thermal behavior of the complexes has been studied applying TG, DTA, and DSC techniques, and the thermodynamic parameters and mechanisms of the decompositions were evaluated. The ΔS# values of the decomposition steps of the metal complexes indicated that the activated fragments have more ordered structure than the undecomposed complexes. The thermal processes proceeded in complicated mechanisms where the bond between the central metal ion and the ligands dissociates after losing 6(C2H5 N) and 6(CO), the metal complexes are ended with metal as a final product. Viscosity and Shale instability using liner swell meter were carried out. Comparisons of the experimental and theoretical IR spectra were also carried out besides some other theoretical calculations.
__label__0, Developing a sustainable industry requires proper utilization of the available and compatible natural resources. Selecting a proper natural fiber type to form a reinforced polymer composite suitable for sustainable automotive industry is considered as a multi criteria decision making problem. This work (i) ranks different natural fiber types according to their appropriateness for the sustainable automotive industry using a decision making technique for the first time. (ii) Predicts the potential of the date palm fiber (DPF) as a reasonable cheap alternative for the sustainable automotive industry. A combined informative/expert-feedback decision making model utilizing the analytical hierarchy process (AHP) was built to rank and predict the potential of the natural fibers. This model can optimize finding the most appropriate available, cheap, eco-friendly alternative material to enhance not only the sustainability and productivity of the automotive industry but also the environmental performance too. A pilot questionnaire was conducted to ensure the appropriateness of the used model. The natural fiber options considered were: coir, date palm, flax, hemp and sisal. The flax fiber type is the best choice for automotive applications as it ranks highest, followed by the date palm fiber as a reasonable competitive cheap alternative choice. This decision was made based on simultaneous technical and economic standpoints. Date palm fiber was found to be the best choice regarding many criteria like Fiber’s Specific Strength to Cost Ratio one. Results demonstrated that the most AHP model priority stack was occupied by both Mechanical Properties and Specific Performance for Automotive Applications criteria. Sensitivity analysis illustrated the reliability of the results and the drawn judgments in this study.
__label__0, Demand forecasting is an important issue in the supply chain planning process due to its usage for efficiently managing different planning tasks. The common techniques adopted to perform such task are easy to use forecasting methods performed in computerised systems with minimum human intervention such as the simple exponential smoothing. Concerning the drawbacks of these modelling approaches, past evidence suggests that they have been less successful in predicting short-term fluctuations on demand. In this work, the simple exponential smoothing method is employed to build an integrated mixture of local experts model (IMLEM) for demand forecasting using as independent variable a lagged gross domestic product (GDP) indicator. The IMLEM is usually employed to deal with rapidly changing situations and it is used in this work to improve the performance of the forecasts by providing a way to take into account short-term fluctuations on demand, due to changes on economic activity growth, within an easy to use forecasting method. The proposed method was applied on one-step ahead demand forecasting for a Brazilian beverage manufacturer for 130 non-seasonal stock keeping units (SKUs) and the accuracy of the generated forecasts allowed to reduce the forecasting errors. The obtained results also supported the decision making process by aiding demand planners concerning how to react to short-term fluctuations on demand.
__label__0, Recently, independent factors representing different features of insulin resistance syndrome (Syndrome X) have been identified by factor analysis in middle-aged and elderly adult populations. In this study, factor analysis was applied to the clustering characteristics of Syndrome X in a biracial (Black-White) community-based population of 4,522 children (ages 5-11 years), adolescents (ages 12-17 years), and young adults (ages 18-38 years) from the Bogalusa Heart Study who were screened during 1988-1996. Ponderal index (weight (kg)/height (m)3), levels of insulin, glucose, triglycerides, and high density lipoprotein cholesterol, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure were used as measures of components of Syndrome X. No evidence was found to support a one-factor hypothesis for this syndrome, but factor analysis yielded two uncorrelated factors (factor 1: insulin/lipids/glucose/ponderal index; factor 2: insulin/blood pressure). These two factors explained 54.6% of the total variance in the entire sample. The factor loading patterns were very similar in all race and age groups, based on high values of coefficients of congruence (0.89-1.0). These results suggest that Syndrome X is characterized by the linking of a metabolic entity (hyperinsulinemia/insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and obesity) to a hemodynamic factor (hypertension) through shared correlation with hyperinsulinemia/insulin resistance, and that the clustering features are independent of sex and age in both Black and White populations.
__label__0, We investigated the hypothesis that one of the actions of adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (cAMP) to attenuate agonist-induced increase in microvessel permeability is to reduce the initial increase in endothelial cell cytoplasmic Ca2+ concentration ([Ca2+]i). ATP (10 microM) was used to increase hydraulic conductivity (Lp) and [Ca2+]i in venular microvessel in frog mesentery. The cAMP analogue, 8-bromo-cAMP (8-BrcAMP, 2 mM) significantly attenuated the initial increase in Lp (from a peak increase of 7.1 +/- 2.4 times control with ATP alone to 1.2 +/- 0.34 times control with ATP and cAMP). In contrast, cAMP did not significantly change the magnitude or time course of the biphasic increase in [Ca2+]i, which increased from 54 +/- 5 nM to peak of 187 +/- 48 nM with ATP alone, and from 55 +/- 8 nM to 190 +/- 28 nM with ATP and cAMP. Thus the action of cAMP to attenuate microvessel permeability increase in the presence of ATP does not involve modification of the initial Ca2+ transient in endothelial cells. Our results enable alternative hypotheses, such as the suggestion that cAMP might modulate a Ca(2+)-calmodulin-dependent actin-myosin cascade, to be investigated without the added complications of having to account for the modulation of initial changes in [Ca2+]i. Our data also demonstrate, for the first time in the endothelial cells of intact microvessels, that an increase in [Ca2+]i is not always associated with an increase in microvessel permeability.
__label__0, During three experimental periods, nine adults were hospitalized on a metabolic ward and fed a meal containing 500 mg of cholesterol as a component of scrambled eggs. In addition, the meal contained: 1) no additive, 2) 1 g beta-sitosterol, or 3) 2 g beta-sitosteryl oleate. Stools for the succeeding 5 days were analyzed to determine the percentage of the cholesterol in the test meal that was absorbed. The addition of beta-sitosterol resulted in a 42% decrease in cholesterol absorption; the beta-sitosteryl oleate caused a 33% reduction. These results indicate that the judicious addition of beta-sitosterol or beta-sitosteryl oleate to meals containing cholesterol-rich foods will result in a significant decrease in cholesterol absorption, with a consequent decrease in plasma cholesterol.
__label__0, Although naturally occurring hypothyroidism is very rare in cats, iatrogenic hypothyroidism is a recognized complication of treatment for hyperthyroidism. However, confirming the diagnosis of hypothyroidism in cats is not generally straightforward. The potential for false-negative and false-positive results exists with all thyroid function tests, especially in older cats that may have concurrent nonthyroidal illness. Therefore, all thyroid function test results must be interpreted in light of the cat's history, clinical signs, and other laboratory findings. If a low to low-normal serum thyroxine (T4) value is found in a cat that has been treated for hyperthyroidism, repeating the total T4 analysis, determining free T4 and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations, or performing a TSH stimulation test or thyroid scintigraphy may be needed to confirm the diagnosis.
__label__0, We tested the hypothesis that monocrotaline would activate arachidonic acid metabolism in rats. If activation occurred before the pulmonary hypertension developed, arachidonate metabolites could play a role in the hypertensive monocrotaline injury. We found that 1 wk after monocrotaline administration 6-ketoprostaglandin F1 alpha and leukotriene C4 were increased in lung lavages. At 3 wk when pulmonary hypertension was well developed, lung lavage contained increased 6-ketoprostaglandin F1 alpha and thromboxane B2. In addition, the number and activity of white blood cells in the lavages was increased, and abnormal alveolar macrophages were present. The lung extract contained slow-reacting substances including leukotriene D4. Indomethacin administration inhibited the formation of cyclooxygenase metabolites but did not prevent pulmonary hypertension. Diethylcarbamazine administration reduced the numbers and activity of inflammatory cells, increased pulmonary hypertension, prevented right ventricular hypertrophy, and inhibited the formation of slow-reacting substances. We concluded that arachidonate metabolism was activated before pulmonary hypertension developed, that the inflammatory cells in the alveolus accompanied the hypertensive process, and that diethylcarbamazine attenuated both the monocrotaline-induced inflammatory response and the pulmonary hypertension.
__label__0, Plasma uric acid was investigated in a population survey on diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors among Melanesians and Asian Indians in Fiji in 1980. Plasma uric acid levels were elevated in men and women with impaired glucose tolerance in both ethnic groups. The lowest plasma uric acid levels were found in diabetic patients, especially in diabetic men. Even though obesity was positively associated with plasma uric acid, it did not explain the high plasma uric acid level in persons with impaired glucose tolerance. Body mass index had a significant and independent impact on plasma uric acid levels both in nondiabetic and diabetic men and women. The strongest predictor of plasma uric acid in the multiple regression analysis in our study populations was plasma creatinine: it alone explained 9% of the variation in men and 2% in women; and 24% in Melanesians and 5% in Asian Indians. Our findings suggest a strong renal involvement in the balance of plasma uric acid and may also reflect certain dietary patterns, such as a high intake of protein, fats, and certain local vegetables. Although the prevalence of hyperuricemia was high, 27% in both Melanesian men and women, 22% in Asian Indian men, and 11% in Asian Indian women, clinical gout was uncommon. Many predictor variables and their interactions were analyzed along with the reasons for the high plasma uric acid levels in persons with impaired glucose tolerance and for the low plasma uric acid levels in diabetic patients.
__label__0, The synthesis and binding affinity at cloned h5-HT1B, h5-HT1D, and h5-HT1A receptors of 3-[3-(N,N-dimethylamino)propyl]-4-hydroxy-N-[4-(pyridin-4-yl)phenyl]benzamide (2, GR-55562) and four O-methylated analogs are described. The functional activity of these compounds was determined at the h5-HT1B receptor using a [35S]GTPγS binding assay. The four analogs have been prepared in order to evaluate the influence of the alkylamino side chain conformation on binding and intrinsic activity. Whereas 2 and its derivatives display a similar binding affinity profile, major differences arise from analysis of the intrinsic activity data at h5-HT1B receptors. The O-methylated analog of 2, 3-[3-(N,N-dimethylamino)propyl]-4-methoxy-N-[4-(pyridin-4-yl)phenyl]benzamide (3a), and the (1Z)-3-(N,N-dimethylamino)prop-1-enyl derivative (3c) act as neutral and potent antagonists (in a similar way to 2), while the 3-(N,N-dimethylamino)prop-1-ynyl (3b) and (1E)-3-(N,N-dimethylamino)prop-1-enyl (3d) analogs display nonnegligible agonist activity. Molecular modeling studies show that, when the common triaryl portions of the molecules are overlapped, the partial agonists and the neutral antagonists differ by a near-orthogonal orientation of the NH+ projection to the hydrogen-bond receptor site.
__label__0, Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), a polar liquid of low volatility, was used as solvent in the synthesis of branched glycidyl azide polymer (GAP) which is a potential energetic binder for rocket propellants. Branched GAP product was purified by an extraction method using dichloromethane to create an organic phase and a mixture of methanol−brine (50:50 in weight) as the extracting solution. The extraction was carried out in four steps, leaving only less than 1% DMSO in the purified branched GAP. The DMSO concentration remaining in the organic phase was deduced from the 1H NMR spectra taken after each extraction step. Finally, the physical performance of branched GAP was evaluated through the tensile properties, the glass transition temperature, and the thermal degradation of the energetic polyurethanes obtained after curing branched GAP with different isocyanate compounds. The effect of residual DMSO in branched GAP on the tensile properties of polyurethanes was also investigated.
__label__0, In this paper, a novel graphical tuning method of fractional order proportional integral derivative (FOPID) controllers is proposed for a given interval fractional order plant family. Firstly, an approach is presented to solve the problem of robustly stabilizing the interval fractional order plant using FOPID controller. Moreover, some alternative methods are developed to reduce the computational burden of the presented approach. The results obtained here are general and strict proofs are given on these results. Secondly, a new approach is presented to calculate the complete sets of FOPID controller parameters which guarantee the specified H∞-norm constraint for the interval fractional order plant. The developed approach is convenient and flexible. Finally, a unified design framework is proposed. The aim of the unified design is to compute the biggest region which can simultaneously provide internal stability, maintain the classical gain and phase margin and guarantee the modern H∞-norm constraint for the interval fractional order plant. Examples are followed to illustrate the design procedure.
__label__0, Solar tracking systems and heliostats often rely on serial mechanisms with one or two motorized axes. In this paper we propose a parallel kinematic machine of type U-2PUS optimized to have a large workspace able to follow the sun's apparent motion during the year. Some issues such as singularity avoidance and link/joint collisions are included inside a constrained optimization procedure to synthesize a mechanism able to operate at latitudes among 0° and 50°. Design considerations and vibration analysis are also discussed in the paper. Finally, an energy assessment, to evaluate system performances with respect to other solutions based on fixed solar panels, is provided.
__label__0, Carbon nanotubes have been explored in light-harvesting and photovoltaic devices because of their unique optoelectronic properties. This chapter provides a brief description of the optoelectronic properties of carbon nanotubes, particularly single-wall carbon nanotubes (SWCNTs), and their implication in various solar cell applications including donor–acceptor solar cells, polymer solar cells, and dye-sensitized solar cells, where carbon nanotubes are utilized as photoactive materials. Carbon-nanotube-based electrodes in photovoltaic devices are also introduced. Carbon-nanotube-based light-harvesting devices are reviewed in terms of fabrication and material processing as well as performance. Finally, advanced emerging methods and the future outlook for carbon-nanotube-based solar cells are discussed.
__label__0, The complex and uncertain nature of mega construction projects (MCP) require an effective stakeholder management (SM) approach to accommodate conflicting stakeholder interests. Previous reviews regarding SM in construction sector are generic as their attentions have been placed on relatively small scale projects. A systematic review on SM studies in relation to MCP seems to be lacking. This paper analyzes the latest research development of this domain by reviewing selected articles published from 1997 to 2014. Four major research topics are identified: “stakeholder interests and influences”, “stakeholder management process”, “stakeholder analysis methods” and “stakeholder engagement”. This study reveals that SM approaches in MCP are subject to national context of the project, indicating a need to identify the impact of national culture on this discipline. Moreover, traditional stakeholder analysis techniques are widely adopted in MCP notwithstanding their weaknesses; therefore a social network approach for managing stakeholder interrelationships in these projects is needed.
__label__0, Productive infection of human endothelial cells with Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV), a single stranded RNA virus induces shedding of sHLA-E. We show here that sHLA-E that is released upon infection with this flavivirus can inhibit IL-2 and PMA mediated ERK 1/2 phosphorylation in two NK cell lines, Nishi and NKL. Virus infected or IFN-γ treated cell culture supernatants containing sHLA-E were found to partially inhibit IL-2 mediated induction of CD25 molecules on NKL cells. It was also found that sHLA-E could inhibit IL-2 induced [3H]-thymidine incorporation suggesting that, similar to cell surface expressed HLA-E, sHLA-E could also inhibit NK cell responses. Hence JEV-induced shedding of sHLA-E needs further investigation to better understand immune responses in JEV infections since it may have a role in viral evasion of NK cell responses.
__label__0, Honey is a valuable food commodity that is utilised worldwide, as a direct food source or as an ingredient in a large number of manufactured foods. Honey is also of interest due to the antibacterial properties that it exhibits and many honeys are known for their antimicrobial action, some more than others. The honey trade has long been a target for fraudulent practices including the adulteration of honey with cheaper sugars or the passing off of honey from one source (regional or botanical) as that from a more valued source. This chapter reviews the literature on the use of chemical measures to differentiate honey to determine its botanical source and geographical origin. The chemical techniques applied include trace element analysis, stable isotopes, infrared and NMR spectroscopy.
__label__0, The hopping electron cathode (HEC) is a novel low-drive electron source that can be used in cathode ray tubes (CRTs) to reduce the cost of the set electronics and to improve the image quality. It is based on a self-regulating secondary emission process enabling transport of electrons over insulating structures. The HEC uses this mechanism to compress electrons coming from a large conventional cathode into a small funnel structure of insulating material. This chapter discusses the major issues that can arise related to the performance and lifetime of the HEC, such as spot size, bandwidth, Coulomb blockade, delayed emission, contamination, deterioration of the hop coating under electron bombardment, sputter damage due to ion bombardment, and heat effects from the dissipative hop mechanism. The lifetime of HEC is determined by the stability of the threshold hop voltage. When the threshold hop voltage changes as a function of time and becomes larger than the applied transport voltage, end of life is reached or the transport voltage needs to be increased.
__label__0, Size-exclusion chromatography (SEC) is defined as the differential elution of solutes, from a bed of a porous chromatographic medium, caused by different degrees of steric exclusion of the solutes from the porevolume because of the differential molecular size of solutes. Thus, in SEC, solutes are eluted strictly according to decreasing molecular size, and the maximum available volume for separation is equal to the total porevolume of the packing medium. For the past three decades, SEC has been applied to numerous tasks, such as determination of molecular weight (MW) and molecular weight distributions (MWDs), buffer exchange, studies of solute/solute interactions, concentration of solutes, determination of solute diffusivity and solute shape, determination of pore dimensions and porevolume, and for the fractionation and purification of solutes. The considerable popularity of SEC in biochemical purification methods can be ascribed to two characteristics of this technique: (1) Firstly, its high recovery, even for sensitive proteins, often approaches hundred percent on gels consisting of natural polymers, and (2) secondly, its ability to remove undesirable aggregates (dimers, oligomers, etc.) from protein products. The latter application has made SEC the premier “final polishing” step, in industrial-scale purification processes.
__label__0, This chapter surveys the principles behind spatial statistics and geographic information systems (GIS), and their application to epidemiology and public health. Like the other introductory chapters, it is aimed mainly to facilitate understanding in the chapter specific to certain diseases that follow and to provide a short introduction to the field.
__label__0, Peptaibiotics, non-ribosomally synthetized peptides from various ascomycetes, are uniquely characterized by di-alkylated α-amino acids, a rigid helical conformation, and membrane permeation properties. Although generally considered as antimicrobial peptides, peptaibiotics may display other toxicological properties, and their function is in many cases unknown. With the goal to define the biological activity and selectivity of the peptaibiotic trichogin GA IV from the human opportunist Trichoderma longibrachiatum we analyzed its membrane interaction, cytotoxic activity and antibacterial effect. Trichogin GA IV effectively killed several types of healthy and neoplastic human cells at doses (EC 50% = 4–6 μM) lacking antibiotic effects on both Gram− and Gram+ bacteria (MIC > 64 μM). The peptaibiotic distinctive C-terminal primary alcohol was found to cooperate with the N-terminal n-octanoyl group to permeate the membrane phospholipid bilayer and to mediate effective binding and active endocytosis of trichogin GA IV in eukaryotic cells, two steps essential for cell death induction. Replacement of one Gly with Lys plus the simultaneous esterification of the C-terminus, strongly increased trichogin GA IV anti-Gram+ activity (MIC 1–4 μM), but further mitigated its cytotoxicity on human cells.
__label__0, A combined SOC (State Of Charge) and SOH (State Of Health) estimation method over the lifespan of a lithium-ion battery is proposed. First, the SOC dependency of the nominal parameters of a first-order RC (resistor-capacitor) model is determined, and the performance degradation of the nominal model over the battery lifetime is quantified. Second, two Extended Kalman Filters with different time scales are used for combined SOC/SOH monitoring: the SOC is estimated in real-time, and the SOH (the capacity and internal ohmic resistance) is updated offline. The time scale of the SOH estimator is determined based on model accuracy deterioration. The SOC and SOH estimation results are demonstrated by using large amounts of testing data over the battery lifetime.
__label__0, Biodegradable scaffolds are generally considered as indispensable elements for engineering living tissues as they are used as temporary templates with specific mechanical and biological properties similar to native extracellular matrix (ECM). They allow modulating cell adhesion, invasion, proliferation and differentiation, prior to the regeneration of biologically functional tissue or natural ECM.
__label__0, Effects-directed biological detection facilitates the identification of targeted substances in complicated matrices by biological detection after separation by planar chromatography. The term “bioautography” is used predominantly when antimicrobial or antifungal properties of the analytes are measured on high-performance thin-layer chromatography plates. However, other types of biological effects can be applied, for example, bioluminescence, antioxidant, enzymatic, or antiestrogenic assays. Increasingly, several modes of biological detection in parallel followed by chemical and/or spectroscopic detection are employed. Such hyphenations give complete information for the compounds of interest. They can be isolated, even from very complicated matrices, identified, and quantified. Additionally, their biological relevance and impact on the environment and human health can be assessed.
__label__0, Understanding torsional responses of shape memory alloy (SMA) specimens under partial or fully transformed cases with internal loops is of particular importance as the entire response might not be always utilized and only a portion of the entire response (internal loop) might be of significance to designers. In this work, we present experimental results of large complex loading and unloading torsional cycles which were conducted on superelastic SMA wires, under isothermal conditions with the purpose of elucidating the torsional internal loop response during loading and unloading. Such data hereto has not been available in open literature. Utilizing this data, we model the torsional response of superelastic SMA wires subjected to various loading and unloading situations that can result in different extents of transformation.
__label__0, Zebrafish (Danio rerio) is a relatively new model organism and not much data on its application in bone tumor research is available. This chapter will highlight a few studies on different bone tumor types, which illustrates the potential of this model organism for further application. For cartilaginous cancer zebrafish mutants in heparan sulfate metabolism genes are studied. In Ewing sarcoma the effect of the pathognomonic translocation has been tested using the fish model and osteosarcoma was studied for interaction between tumor cells and the environment in zebrafish embryos.
__label__0, In this work, the rheological and structural changes induced by uniaxial extensional flows are studied for two aromatic TPUs: an elastomeric (soft) material composed both of hard and soft segments and an amorphous glass (hard) one composed almost exclusively by hard segments. The uniaxial extensional viscosity was measured on a Sentmanat fixture (SER) at single temperature of 175 °C, showing that at high strain rates both materials initially strain-soften before eventually strain-hardening at higher Hencky strains. This effect is smoother and occurs at lower strain rates for the soft TPU. Optical microscopy, atomic force microscopy and X-ray scattering show this behavior to be related with structural changes induced by the flow. Strain-softening is attributed to the orientation of hard domains in the flow direction. In the soft TPU strain-hardening is caused by the stretching of entangled soft segments but in the hard one it appears to be associated with microcracks and with the development of a hitherto unreported hierarchical structure in the molten material.
__label__0, Drug abuse continues to create a major international epidemic affecting society. A great majority of past drug abuse research has focused mostly on the mechanisms of addiction and the specific effects of substance use disorders on brain circuits and pathways that modulate reward, motivation, craving, and decision making. Few studies have focused on the neurobiology of acute and chronic substance abuse as it relates to the neurovascular unit (brain endothelial cell, neuron, astrocyte, microglia, and pericyte). Increasing research indicates that all cellular components of the neurovascular unit play a pivotal role in both the process of addiction and how drug abuse affects the brain response to diseases. This review will focus on the specific effects of opioids, amphetamines, alcohol, and nicotine on the neurovascular unit and its role in addiction and adaption to brain diseases. Elucidation of the role of the neurovascular unit on the neurobiology associated with drug addiction will help to facilitate the development of better therapeutic approaches for drug-dependent individuals.
__label__0, This paper performs a probabilistic load flow (PLF) analysis of photovoltaic (PV) generation system with electric vehicles (EVs). The randomness of power generated by PV and the randomness charging profiles of EVs is modeled. Different EV charging behaviors are involved, one is EV charging start time distribution driving by time of use (TOU) electricity tariff, the other is that EV charging power is dispatched for minimizing the minimum equivalent load. The well-established 3 point estimation method (3PEM) is employed to compute load flow variables’ statistic moments by deterministic load flow at 3 points selected from each random variable. Application of the PLF model proposed in this paper, in PG&E 69 bus distribution system with daily meteorological data of a city in China, is demonstrated. PV generation connected position is optimized. The results are analyzed for various EV charging scenarios.
__label__0, The fatigue crack growth (FCG) behavior for materials applied in aerospace field is very important, for the majority of incidents happened were due to fatigue fracture. Six double annealing processes were conducted to get different colony features for Ti–6A1–2Zr–2Sn–3Mo–1Cr–2Nb alloy. Then the effects of the colony microstructure on the FCG behavior of this alloy are studied. The results show that the FCG curves for Ti–6A1–2Zr–2Sn–3Mo–1Cr–2Nb alloy under four processes are distinguished by a clearly defined transition point. The values of Δ K T (transitional stress intensity range) under these processes are almost the same, about 15 MPa m . The fatigue crack growth rates (FCGR) for six microstructures vary obviously at low Δ K -levels ( Δ K ≤ Δ K T ) and then tend to approach each other at high Δ K -levels ( Δ K ≥ Δ K T ). Above phenomena are all due to the difference of crack deflection effect caused by different colony microstructures. The α platelet thickness and colony size are two key parameters determining the crack deflection effect of colony microstructure. For microstructure with thin α platelets, the main crack cuts the α platelets easily and propagates in a flat way. In this situation, the colony size exerts no influence on crack propagation path. For microstructure with thick α platelets, the main crack tends to propagate along the colony boundaries or the α platelet spacings. In this situation, the colony size can greatly influence the crack propagation path. The bigger the colony size, the more the tortuous crack path.
__label__0, Le rétro-péritoine est un espace situé en arrière du péritoine pariétal et en avant du fascia transversalis. Il contient différents espaces séparés par des fascias, entre lesquels existent des communications ainsi qu’avec la cavité péritonéale ou le pelvis, selon la théorie de diffusion interfasciale. L’espace péri-rénal en forme de cône inversé contient les reins, les surrénales et leurs vaisseaux. Il est limité par les fascias rénal antérieur et fascia rénal postérieur qui viennent entourer l’uretère et permettent une communication vers le pelvis. Au pôle supérieur droit, l’espace péri-rénal communique avec l’espace rétro-hépatique au niveau de l’area nuda. Une communication existe entre ces deux espaces par le canal de Kneeland. L’espace pararénal antérieur contient le bloc duodénopancréatique, les côlons ascendant et descendant. Il existe une libre communication au sein de cet espace, et vers les mésos le long des vaisseaux. L’espace pararénal postérieur, de contenu graisseux, communique avec l’espace pro-péritonéal à la face antérieure de l’abdomen entre péritoine et fascia transversalis et permet une communication avec l’espace pararénal postérieur controlatéral. On suit cet espace le long de l’uretère vers le pelvis expliquant la communication à ce niveau et le long des fascias pelviens.
__label__0, Cervical sagittal balance is as an important clinical and radiographic parameter. The normal cervical spine is lordodic, and all kyphotic deformities should be explored. In patients with suspected cervical pathology, a thorough history and physical exam is mandatory. While axial neck pain commonly exists with kyphotic deformity, radiculopathy or myelopathy often exists as well. AP and lateral radiographs detect bony abnormalities and disc space collapse. A C2–7 plumb line may be drawn to measure angulation of the cervical spine. Adjuvant CT scan, to further delineate the bony architecture, and MRI scan, to assess for neural compression, are often useful in the management of a kyphotic spine. Nonoperative management is the usual initial mode of treatment. Physical therapy, aimed at posterior cervical paraspinal muscle strengthening, may improve lordosis in patients with flexible kyphosis. Anti-inflammatory medications and injections may cause symptomatic improvement but they do not address anatomic problems. Close follow-up is needed with these patients to monitor for neurologic deterioration. Operative treatment is indicated when nonoperative management has failed or in the setting of severe or rapidly progressive neurologic symptoms. Techniques for sagittal correction exist on a spectrum. Partial facet resections or Ponte osteotomies cause relatively small segmental lordosis but result in large sagittal improvement when used in long constructs. Anterior corpectomy with adjuvant posterior soft tissue release results in more focal lordosis. Three-column osteotomies are performed at either C7 or T1 to avoid the vertebral artery. Anterior column lengthening is relatively more powerful than a pedicle subtraction osteotomy. However, anterior lengthening is associated with a higher risk of damage to the surrounding neurovascular structures and soft tissue due to traction. Lastly, a vertebral column resection results in the greatest angular correction but is rarely performed due to its high potential for complication.
__label__0, A series of novel ester-capped carbosilane dendrimers (G0-COOCH3–G2-COOCH3) were designed and successfully synthesized via a hybrid divergent–convergent method through a facile hydrosilylation reaction. The structures of these dendrimers were confirmed by FTIR, 1H NMR, and HRMS analyses.
__label__0, The retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein Rb plays a major role in regulating G1/S transition and is a critical regulator of cell proliferation. Rb protein exerts its growth regulatory properties mainly by physically interacting with the transcriptionally active members of the E2F transcription factor family, especially E2Fs 1, 2, and 3. Given its critical role in regulating cell proliferation, it is not surprising that Rb is inactivated in almost all tumors, either through the mutation of Rb gene itself or through the mutations of its upstream regulators including K-Ras and INK4. Recent studies have revealed a significant role for Rb and its downstream effectors, especially E2Fs, in regulating various aspects of tumor progression, angiogenesis, and metastasis. Thus, components of the Rb–E2F pathway have been shown to regulate the expression of genes involved in angiogenesis, including VEGF and VEGFR, genes involved in epithelial–mesenchymal transition including E-cadherin and ZEB proteins, and genes involved in invasion and migration like matrix metalloproteinases. Rb has also been shown to play a major role in the functioning of normal and cancer stem cells; further, Rb and E2F appear to play a regulatory role in the energy metabolism of cancer cells. These findings raise the possibility that mutational events that initiate tumorigenesis by inducing uncontrolled cell proliferation might also contribute to the progression and metastasis of cancers through the mediation of the Rb–E2F transcriptional regulatory pathway. This review highlights these recent studies on tumor promoting functions of the Rb–E2F pathway.
__label__0, Fruits of the Litsea family of trees and shrubs contain biologically active compounds, some of which have been used as natural nutrients and flavoring agents in food. In this study, we identified novel anti-nociceptive effects of the 30% ethanol extract, the CH2Cl2 fraction and the associated active components (Hamabiwalactone A and B) from Litsea japonica fruit by using in vivo peripheral and central nervous pain models. In addition, we compared the anti-inflammatory effects of several fractions from L. japonica fruit extracts using lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-stimulated Raw264.7 cells. The CH2Cl2 fraction of L. japonica fruit (LJM) had an optimal combination of anti-inflammatory effects and low cytotoxicity. Dose response studies were performed to determine the inhibitory effects of LJM on the pro-inflammatory enzymes, COX-2/PGE2 and NO/iNOS, and pro-inflammatory cytokines, IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α. Molecular profiling revealed that LJM exerts anti-inflammatory effects through inhibition of NF-κB and JNK/p38 MAPK signaling in LPS-induced macrophages. This study suggests that CH2Cl2 fraction of L. japonica fruit and its bioactive components are potential candidates as anti-inflammatory and analgesic agents (painkillers) for the treatment of inflammatory diseases.
__label__0, The present work addresses calls to clarify the role of gender in climate change mitigation and adaptation by testing a theoretical model linking gender and concern with future and immediate consequences to mitigation actions through political orientation, environmental values, and belief in global warming (gender × time orientation → liberal political orientation → environmental values → belief in global warming → willingness to pay to reduce global warming). Drawing on a sample of 299 U.S. residents, structural equation modeling and bootstrapped indirect effects testing revealed support for the model. Interaction analyses further revealed that women scored higher than men on model variables among respondents who routinely consider the future consequences of their actions, but the gender difference was reversed among those low in concern with future consequences (on liberal political orientation and willingness to pay to reduce global warming). Practical and theoretical implications are considered.
__label__0, Two different approaches for the determination of frequency response functions (FRFs) are used for the non-parametric closed loop identification of a flexible joint industrial manipulator with serial kinematics. The two applied experiment designs are based on low power multisine and high power chirp excitations. The main challenge is to eliminate disturbances of the FRF estimates caused by the numerous nonlinearities of the robot. For the experiment design based on chirp excitations, a simple iterative procedure is proposed which allows exploiting the good crest factor of chirp signals in a closed loop setup. An interesting synergy of the two approaches, beyond validation purposes, is pointed out.
__label__0, In chemical engineering, process models obtain increasing importance.
__label__0, This paper discusses some problems in determining the optimal use of road safety measures. The first of these problems is how best to define the baseline option, i.e. what will happen if no new safety measures are introduced. The second problem concerns choice of a method for selection of targets for intervention that ensures maximum safety benefits. The third problem is how to develop policy options to minimise the risk of indivisibilities and irreversible choices. The fourth problem is how to account for interaction effects between road safety measures when determining their optimal use. The fifth problem is how to obtain the best mix of short-term and long-term measures in a safety programme. The sixth problem is how fixed parameters for analysis, including the monetary valuation of road safety, influence the results of analyses. It is concluded that it is at present not possible to determine the optimal use of road safety measures precisely. One may at best determine a range that is likely to contain the optimal use of a set of measures.
__label__0, A series of homogeneous catalysts consisting of pyridinium propyl sulfobetaine (PPS), tungstophosphoric acid (TPA), and acetic acid (HOAc) have been synthesized and exploited for catalytic acetylation of glycerol (GL). Their acid properties were characterized by 31P NMR of trimethylphosphine oxide (TMPO) as the probe molecule, and the effects of acidic strength, PPS/TPA, TPA/GL, and HOAc/GL ratios as well as reaction temperature on catalytic performances during acetylation reaction were investigated. These water-tolerable PPS–TPA–HOAc catalysts, which tend to segregate from glycerol acetate products to form distinct biphasic liquid layers spontaneously after the reaction, were found to be highly efficient and durable for acetylation reaction under continuous operation conditions. Typically, a complete GL conversion may be achieved with a superior glycerol triacetate (GTA) selectivity of 86–99%. Moreover, the unique self-separation biphasic characteristics of the catalyst system facilitate facile separation of products and recycling of catalyst, rendering practical industrial applications in acetylation of alcohol.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the characterization of graphitic adsorbents by immersion and flow calorimetry. Graphitic adsorbents can be characterized in respect of the extent of basal plane content of their surfaces by determining heat evolution occurring when they are immersed in dilute solutions of long chain n-paraffins in low molecular weight solvents such as n-heptane. Both the heats of immersion and the heats of preferential adsorption determined by flow calorimetry suggest that the films adsorbed on the basal plane surfaces of graphitic adsorbents consist of two layers (a) a closely packed monolayer composed of horizontally dispersed n-paraffinic molecules and (b) another layer on top of the monolayer of which the structure and thickness has not been accurately determined. Adsorption on the basal plane surface of graphitic adsorbents occurs more readily from branched paraffins than it does from normal paraffins. Graphitic adsorbents can be used for the chromatographic fractionation of complex mixtures of saturated hydrocarbons. The results of such fractionation support the view that the basal plane surface of graphite has an exceptionally strong affinity for long chain n-paraffins that is those hydrocarbons that can make a large number of contacts with the basal plane surface.
__label__0, An important aspect of surface phenomena in polymer physics is the determination of the conformational changes of flexible polymers after adsorption. The knowledge of the structure is of intrinsic interest, because it may readily explain interfacial properties of practical interest. Near a “sticky wall”, on expect parts of a chain in contact with the surface (trains) and the rest of the molecule projects into the solution phase in the form of three dimensional loops (the diffuse layer). In this contribution we present data on the dimensions which were obtained by recording the “hydrodynamic thickness” of the adsorbed polymer. The perturbation of the flow lines in a capillary coated with the polymer, were first theoretically related-via a modified Navier Stokes equation - to the distribution of monomeric units in a direction normal to the surface. For this purpose, an exponential concentration distribution was assumed (the treatment beeing restricted to rather poor solvents were a simple exponential is expected to hold satisfactorily). From the hydrodynamic thickness, the mean layer thickness as well as the volume fraction of monomers in the loop layer was determined. Experimental data are reported for:
__label__0, Gravimetric measurements of the kinetics of isothermal adsorption and desorption of iso-propanol in a cylindrical specimen of Vycor porous glass are reported. An apparent diffusion coefficient is derived, which varies strongly with surface coverage and which shows hysteresis in the capillary condensation region. Using a simple model, this behaviour is discussed in terms of the structure of the porous solid and the properties of the condensed adsorbate.
__label__0, To determine the factors associated with the presence of pulmonary tuberculosis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the effect in the development of drug and multi-drug resistance, in a population with tuberculosis from the southeast of Mexico.
__label__0, Rho GTPases are a globular, monomeric group of small signaling G-protein molecules. Rho-associated protein kinase/Rho-kinase (ROCK) is a downstream effector protein of the Rho GTPase. Rho-kinases are the potential therapeutic targets in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. Here, we have primarily discussed the intriguing roles of ROCK in cardiovascular health in relation to nitric oxide signaling. Further, we highlighted the biphasic effects of Y-27632, a ROCK inhibitor under shear stress, which acts as an agonist of nitric oxide production in endothelial cells. The biphasic effects of this inhibitor raised the question of safety of the drug usage in treating cardiovascular diseases.
__label__0, DFT calculations indicate that reactions of methyl α,p-dinitrocinnamate with vinyl-alkyl ethers are of a polar nature, and zwitterionic structures may arise during their course. However, these zwitterions are beyond of cycloadditions paths. On the other hand, HDA reactions of addents carried out according to “two-stage one-step” cycloaddition mechanism. It should be also remarked, that the M062x functional overestimates activation energies.
__label__0, The objectives of this study are to describe the distinctive characteristics of extra-nodal B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas (BNHLs) located in the head and neck in a series of patients, to discuss patient survival, and to compare the oral versus the non-oral locations of the extra-nodal BNHLs of the head and neck.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the optimization of the imaging properties of an image inverter tube. The electron optics of an existing image intensifier tube design was investigated by means of computer simulation with a view to achieving optimal focusing. The main purpose of this investigation was to assess the sensitivity of the imaging properties to small variations in the dimensions of the electrode structures. A semi-analytic model is proposed to analyze the paraxial focusing properties and their dependence on certain critical tube parameters. The model proposed does give some insight into the electron optics of the tube and can be used in a qualitative sense to assess the effects of certain critical dimensions. It can also be used to investigate designs at the preliminary stage. The numerical method has proved successful in sensitivity analysis, where relative accuracy is quite adequate. For the determination of real geometrical values for the tube, the results of the numerical calculations need to be very accurate in an absolute sense.
__label__0, The understanding of radiation effects has been driven by experimental studies in a range of in vitro and in vivo models, including human exposures. These have, for external beam exposures, predominantly utilized conventional radiation sources where uniform exposures of the target of interest have been used. Ionizing radiations deliver their energy in a quantized way via the production of tracks of electrons or charged particles. The doses from these various sources are very low and generally of low dose rate. At the level of individual cells within the human body, this can equate to only single tracks of radiation crossing a cell over periods of weeks or years. Our understanding of the effects of these low doses requires technological approaches which can deliver highly localized radiation beams into biological models and has been an underpinning rational for the development of microbeams as key experimental tools. Here, we outline key characteristics of charged particle, x-ray, and electron microbeams and contrast them with laser-based approaches. We discuss the physical qualities of these sources and review biological studies involving low dose studies, subcellular targeting, and bystander responses.
__label__0, Currently there is a massive deployment of information and communication technologies in modeling of advanced quantitative methods (optimization, stochastic and dynamic programming) in economy. Also, there is a deployment of methods from the field of artificial intelligence (neural networks, genetic algorithms) in order to construct a mathematical decision model applied in the economic sphere. Accuracy of the experiment economy can be improved by including non-deterministic factors (uncertainty, uncertainty, risk).
__label__0, Bioleaching of secondary and low-grade copper ores in heaps and dumps today is a well-established technology. However, there is still a strong need to improve the copper leaching rates and recoveries currently reached at plant level in order to improve the economics and broaden the range of application of this technology. In this context, it is important to be able to define the factors which are controlling the rate of copper leaching in different process configurations and at different stages during the operation. This work presents a conceptual mathematical model which can help to define when a bioleaching process is controlled by biological, chemical, or transport phenomena. The model is based on the kinetic analysis of the electrochemical aspects of the microbiological and chemical sub-processes involved in bioleaching. It will facilitate collaboration among biologists, metallurgists and process engineers in the search for innovative developments in the field.
__label__0, A basic fact of vertebrate neurology is the crossed representation of the world in the brain: an external stimulus at one side of the animal has its most marked physiological effect in the brain of the opposite side, and electrical stimulation of one side of the brain has its most evident motor effect in the musculature of the opposite side. One of the most general rules of functional neuroanatomy is the crossed representation of the world in the brain. The origin of this puzzling phenomenon has been explained in the past on the basis of a primary optic decussation, which was interpreted as a necessary correction of the image inversion in lens eyes. The validity of this scheme is doubted in this chapter and an alternate hypothesis is presented. The supposition of a vertebrate ancestor governed mainly by olfactory taxes allows one to derive the crossed representation under the assumption that (a) positive kinesis associated with positive taxis (and rice rersa) is advantageous, and (b) an evolutionary transition has occurred from a chiefly taxic chordate to one that is governed by the principle of the representation of objects in “internal maps” of the environment within the brain.
__label__0, An increasing number of firms are outsourcing customer support to external service providers. This creates a triadic setting in which an outsourcing provider serves end customers on behalf of its clients. While outsourcing presents an opportunity to serve customers, service providers differ in their motivation and ability to fulfill customer needs. Prior research suggests that firms with a strong customer focus have an intrinsic motivation to address customer needs. We suggest that in an outsourcing context, this intrinsic motivation does not suffice. Using a Motivation–Opportunity–Ability framework, we posit that the effect of a provider's customer focus will be moderated by a set of relational, firm, and customer characteristics that affect its ability to serve end customers. We test our conceptualization among 171 outsourcing clients from the Netherlands and then validate these results among 135 Indian outsourcing providers. The findings reveal that customer-focused providers achieve higher levels of customer need fulfillment but this effect is contingent on their ability to serve end customers. In particular, customer-focused providers more effectively fulfill customer needs when clients and providers share close relational ties, when clients also have a high level of customer focus, and when end customer needs exhibit a low degree of turbulence. In addition, we find that, in turbulent markets, equipment-related services offer greater opportunity for effective customer need fulfillment than other outsourced services.
__label__0, For most of the 20th century ideas of the growth and life cycles of bacteria were dominated by the concepts of lag, exponential, stationary and death phases and analogies with the eukaryotic cell cycle were largely rejected. While the classical growth phases remain key points of reference, the last 20 years have seen an explosion of molecular and cytological results showing the diversity of bacterial physiological adaptive states and indicating cyclical events beyond a headlong accumulation of biomass; there is clearly more to bacteria than growing, not growing or dying. Since growth is integral to infection we would like to know the growth state of bacteria in a medically relevant sample. In this chapter, bacterial growth is reviewed from a molecular perspective considering the signals that might indicate the status of cells in a sample. Major advances have been made in describing cell replication and division and, in particular, the development of microfluidic systems linked to imaging has made it possible to follow the fate of cells through many generations. We are beginning to appreciate the consequences of asymmetric cell division and how this further underpins the diversity of cells in a bacterial population where once all those comprising a balanced exponential phase culture were considered identical with respect to their time since division. The concepts of viability and culturability remain a challenge and it is necessary now to link them up with the avalanche of data emerging from microbiomic studies applied to human samples.
__label__0, The systematic review has increasingly become a popular tool for researching health policy. However, due to the complexity and diversity in the health policy research, it has also encountered more challenges. We set out the Cochrane reviews on health policy research as a representative to provide the first examination of epidemiological and descriptive characteristics as well as the compliance of methodological quality with the AMSTAR. 99 reviews were included by inclusion criteria, 73% of which were Implementation Strategies, 15% were Financial Arrangements and 12% were Governance Arrangements; involved Public Health (34%), Theoretical Exploration (18%), Hospital Management (17%), Medical Insurance (12%), Pharmaceutical Policy (9%), Community Health (7%) and Rural Health (2%). Only 39% conducted meta-analysis, and 49% reported being updates, and none was rated low methodological quality. Our research reveals that the quantity and quality of the evidence should be improved, especially Financial Arrangements and Governance Arrangements involved Rural Health, Health Care Reform and Health Equity, etc. And the reliability of AMSTAR needs to be tested in larger range in this field.
__label__0, Stratification for nonlinear differential equations in positive characteristic is introduced. Testing this notion for first order equations is discussed, and related to the Cartier operator on curves. A variant of the Grothendieck–Katz conjecture is formulated, and proved in a special case.
__label__0, A series of Ti-SBA-15 catalysts (atomic ratio Ti/Si = 1.5%) with various average pore diameters was prepared. These catalysts were tested in chemoselective oxidation of methyl- propyl-thioether with hydrogen peroxide. The modification of these catalysts with tartaric acid was found to improve the chemoselectivity to sulfoxide. No leaching of Ti was detected under the investigated conditions.
__label__0, The waste slurry generated in fertilizer plants and slag (blast furnace waste) have been converted into low-cost adsorbents, activated carbon and activated slag, respectively, and these are utilized for the removal of malachite green (a basic dye) from wastewater. In the batch experiments, parameters studied include the effect of pH, sorbent dosage, adsorbate concentration, temperature, and contact time. Kinetic studies have been performed to have an idea of the mechanistic aspects and to obtain the thermodynamic parameters of the process. The uptake of the dye is greater on carbonaceous material than on activated slag. Sorption data have been correlated with both Langmuir and Freundlich adsorption models. The presence of anionic surfactants does not affect the uptake of dye significantly. The mass transfer kinetic approach has been applied for the determination of various parameters necessary for the designing of fixed-bed contactors. Chemical regeneration has been achieved with acetone in order to recover the loaded dye and restore the column to its original capacity without dismantling the same.
__label__0, The synthesis and aromatase inhibitory profile of 6α- and 6β-propargyl androstenedione and estrenedione are described. The targeted compounds 1 and 2 were prepared by addition of the propargyl Gringard to the 5α,6α-epoxy bisketal 6 or the 5α,6α-epoxy diacetate 7 followed by dehydration of the 6β-propargyl 5α-hydroxy diones 10 and 11 using thionyl chloride. Treatment of the 6β-propargyl analogs 1 and 2 with hydrochloric acid gave the corresponding 6α-propargyl isomers 3 and 4. Inhibitory activity of the synthesized compounds was assessed using a human placental microsomal preparation as the enzyme source and [1β-3H]-4-androstenedione as substrate. Under initial velocity assay conditions of low product formation, the inhibitors demonstrated potent inhibition of aromatase, with apparent Kis ranging from 10 to 66 nM, with the Km for androstenedione being 55 nM. 6α-Propargylandrost-4-ene-3,17-dione and 6α-propargylestr-4-ene-3,17-dione were found to be potent competitive inhibitors of aromatase (Ki 37 and 66 nM, respectively). On the other hand the 6β-propargylandrost-4-ene-3,17-dione (6β-PAD) and 6β-propargylestr-4-ene-3,17-dione (6β-PED) were found to bind to aromatase with an apparent Ki of 10 and 48 nM, respectively, as well as cause rapid time-dependent, first-order inactivation of aromatase in the presence of NADPH, whereas no inactivation was observed in the absence of NADPH. Substrate protects the enzyme from inactivation, but β-mercaptoethanol does not, suggesting that the 6β-propargyl analogs 6β-PAD and 6β-PED are mechanism-based inactivators of aromatase. Energy-minimization calculations and molecular modeling studies indicate three global minima for each of the 6β-propargyl analogs in which one of the conformers is proposed to be responsible for the inactivation of aromatase.
__label__0, New prodrugs of daunorubicin and doxorubicin designed for selective activation by the serine protease plasmin are described. The low toxic prodrugs 3, 4, and 5 are converted to the corresponding cytotoxic drugs upon proteolysis by the tumor-associated protease plasmin. Application of a self-eliminating spacer was essential for enzyme activation. A prodrug containing a chloro-substituted spacer was synthesized with the aim of enhancing the rate of conversion by plasmin. All prodrugs were highly stable in buffer solution and in serum and on the average 15-fold less cytotoxic than the parent drugs in seven human tumor cell lines. A marked in vitro selectivity was demonstrated by incubation of the doxorubicin prodrugs with a plasmin generating MCF-7 breast cancer cell line transfected with urokinase-type plasminogen activator (u-PA) in comparison with the nontransfected nonplasmin generating cell line. Prodrugs 4 and 5 showed the same cytotoxic effect as the free parent drug doxorubicin in the u-PA transfected cells, indicating complete conversion of the prodrug by plasmin. Addition of the plasmin inhibitor Trasylol drastically increased the ID50 values in the u-PA transfected MCF-7 cells for both prodrugs 4 and 5.
__label__0, The synthesis and enzyme inhibition data for a series of thiazine- and thiazepine-based matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) inhibitors are described. The thiazine- and thiazepine-based inhibitors were discovered by optimization of hetererocyclic sulfonamide-based inhibitors. The most potent series of inhibitors was obtained by modification of the amino acid d-penicillamine. This amino acid provides a gem-dimethyl group on the thiazine or thiazepine ring which has a dramatic effect on the in vitro potency of this series. In particular, the sulfide 4a and the sulfone 5a were potent, broad-spectrum inhibitors of the MMPs with IC50's against MMP-1 of 0.8 and 1.9 nM, respectively. The binding mode of this novel thiazepine-based series of MMP inhibitors was established based on X-ray crystallography of the complex of stromelysin and 4a.
__label__0, Fourier-transform infrared (FTIR) microspectroscopy, combined with Principal Component Analysis (PCA), was applied in the study of exfoliated cervical cells from 272 patients. Six spectra were recorded for each patient, and these were visually sorted into two types (type 1 and type 2), based on their profiles. Spectra designated type 1 exhibited a profile characteristic of normal epithelial cells, with intense glycogen bands at 1022 cm−1 and 1150 cm−1, and a pronounced symmetric phosphate stretch at 1078 cm−1. Spectra designated type 2 exhibited features suggestive of dysplastic or malignant transformation, with pronounced symmetric and asymmetric phosphate modes and a reduction in glycogen-band intensity.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The sweet protein brazzein isolated from the fruit of the African plant, Pentadiplandra brazzeana Baillon is 2000-500 times sweeter than sucrose, and consists of 54 amino acid residues with four intramolecular disulfide bonds. Brazzein was prepared by the fluoren-9-yl-methoxycarbonyl solid-phase method, and was identical to natural brazzein by high performance liquid chromatography, mass spectroscopy, peptide mapping, and taste evaluation. The D enantiomer of brazzein was also synthesized, and was shown to be the mirror image of brazzein. The D enantiomer (ent-brazzein) was devoid of any sweetness and was essentially tasteless. © 1996 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
__label__0, Two multicomponent models for spiral-wound gas permeators are proposed. The basic transport model is derived from fundamental material balances and permeation relations that account for permeate-side pressure variations. The resulting model consists of a set of nonlinear differential−algebraic−integral equations with mixed boundary conditions, as well as an implicit expression for the local feed-side flow rate. The approximate model is derived from the basic model by assuming the residue flow rate is constant in the direction of bulk permeate flow. This assumption yields a set of nonlinear algebraic equations which can be solved very efficiently and reliably. The two models are compared for the separation of CO2 from hydrocarbons in a four-component mixture, as well as the separation of an eight-component mixture. The models show close agreement for a wide range of operating conditions. An estimation technique for determining uncertain/unknown model parameters from experimental data also is proposed. The technique is successfully applied to data for a multicomponent mixture containing CO2 and CH4.
__label__0, An ab initio molecular orbital study is undertaken on the adsorption of N2, O2, and C2H4 (adsorbate) on Ag−zeolite and Ag halides (adsorbent). Geometry optimization is performed at the HF/3-21G level, while MP2/3-21G with natural bond orbital calculations are performed to obtain energies, atomic charges, orbital energies, and orbital populations (occupancies). The bonding of adsorbate to adsorbent is discussed in the context of σ-donation (i.e., overlap of the 2p orbitals of the adsorbate molecule with the 5s orbital of Ag) and d−π* backdonation (i.e., overlap of the 4dyz orbitals of Ag with the 2p* antibonding orbitals of the adsorbate). For all adsorbate−adsorbent pairs, the ratio of σ-donation to d−π* backdonation is approximately 3:1. Results on occupancy analysis indicate that a considerable electron redistribution from the 4dz2 orbitals to the 4dyz orbitals occurs in Ag during adsorption and that this redistribution has possibly enhanced the d−π* backdonation. Net charge and energy gap (Δε) analyses indicate that it is slightly easier for N2 than O2 to adsorb, whereas a comparison of N2 and O2 adsorption from calculations of the energies of adsorption is inconclusive. However, a fair agreement is obtained in comparison of theory and experiment for energy of adsorption of N2 and C2H4 on Ag−zeolite. The dispersion energies of adsorption, based on the MP2 correlation energies, are nearly the same for all adsorption pairs, i.e., approximately 4−5 kcal/mol.
__label__0, In the present study, chemical profile analysis for Lamiophlomis rotata, a classic Tibetan folk medicine, was illustrated by an ultra-high performance liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-TOF/MS) method, which provided evidence for the certain identification of the main constituents, including iridoids, flavonoids and phenylethanoid glycosides. Among these compounds, nine of them were regarded as marker compounds for the quantitative evaluation of L. rotata, using a simple and reliable method by HPLC with ultraviolet, in combination of chromatographic fingerprint analysis. Separation was achieved on a Waters SunFire C18 analytical column with linear gradient elution of acetonitrile and 0.1% formic acid aqueous solution. The validated method was successfully applied to evaluate twelve batches of L. rotata. Assay results showed that nine compounds did not vary significantly from the aerial parts and the whole plant for each batch, and was consistent with the fingerprint analysis, which confirmed the medicine parts alteration in Chinese Pharmacopoeia from the perspective of chemical components.
__label__0, In this study, S doped Bi2WO6/Bi2O3 composites were successfully synthesized via a one-step hydrothermal route. The as-prepared composites were characterized by X-ray diffraction, Fourier transform infrared, UV-visible diffuse reflectance and photoluminescence spectroscopy. The results showed that an S doped Bi2WO6/Bi2O3 composite had enhanced absorption in the UV to visible-light region and exhibited decreased radiative recombination of photogenerated charge carriers. The degradation of RhB was occurred by a photocatalytic reaction with S-BWO rather than physical adsorption to the catalyst. It was also found that the S doped Bi2WO6/Bi2O3 composite exhibited enhanced photocatalytic activity for Rhodamine B under visible-light irradiation.
__label__0, Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is one of the most devastating and dreadful WHO grade IV brain tumors associated with poor survival rate and limited therapeutics. Signal transducer and activator of transcription factor 3 (STAT3) is persistently active in several cancers, including gliomas, and STAT3 inhibitors hold great promise for treatment of glioma. LLL12, a curcumin derivative, inhibits STAT3 functions, thereby reduces growth of GBM. However, the global effects of targeting STAT3 using LLL12 have not been studied well. To shed light on this aspect, we performed quantitative proteomic analyses using differential in-gel electrophoresis (2D-DIGE) and isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ) as well as label-free mass spectrometric analysis with 0.5 μM (IC50) concentration of LLL12. Through this approach, we identified a total dataset of 1012 proteins with 1% FDR, of which 143 proteins were differentially expressed associated with various cellular functions. Results suggest that LLL12 influences central cellular metabolism and cytoskeletal proteins, in addition to its apoptosis inducing and anti-angiogenic activities, which altogether contribute to its anti-tumorigenic function. Interestingly, triose phosphate isomerase (TPI), phosphoglycerate mutase 1 (PGAM1), adaptor molecule (CRK2), protein DJ-1 (PARK7) and basic transcription factor 3 (BTF3) were found to be down-regulated and can be studied further to understand their therapeutic potential in gliomas. TPI1 and PGAM1 protein expressions were validated using immunoblot. Conclusively, our results suggest the therapeutic potential of LLL12 and it can be investigated further for a significant role in glioma treatment.
__label__0, Frail older adults are increasingly encouraged to be in control of their health care, in Western societies. However, little is known about how they themselves perceive control in health care. Therefore, this study aims to investigate the concept of health care-related perceived control from the viewpoint of frail older adults. A qualitative interview study was conducted following a Grounded Theory approach. Thirty-two Dutch frail older adults, aged 65 and over, participated in 20 in-depth interviews (n = 20) and three focus group discussions (n = 12). Data were analysed according to techniques of coding and constant comparison. From this analysis constituting factors of perceived control emerged, providing elements of a conceptual model. Perceived control reflects the feeling or belief that health care is under control, which is constituted by five, either internal or external, factors: (I) self-confidence in organising professional and/or informal care, (II) self-confidence in health management in the home setting, (III) perceived support from people in the social network, (IV) perceived support from health care professionals and organisations, and (V) perceived support from (health care) infrastructure and services. Therefore, the concept does not only consist of people's own perceived efforts, but also includes the influence of external sources. Our conceptual model points out what external factors should be taken into consideration by health care professionals and policy makers when enhancing older people's perceived control. Moreover, it can serve as the basis for the development of a measurement instrument, to enable future quantitative research on health care-related perceived control among older adults.
__label__0, The family of fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs) plays an important and well-characterized role in a variety of pathological disorders. FGFR4 is involved in myogenesis and muscle regeneration. Mutations affecting the kinase domain of FGFR4 may cause cancer, for example, breast cancer or rhabdomyosarcoma. Whereas FGFR1–FGFR3 have been structurally characterized, the structure of the FGFR4 kinase domain has not yet been reported. In this study, we present four structures of the kinase domain of FGFR4, in its apo-form and in complex with different types of small-molecule inhibitors. The two apo-FGFR4 kinase domain structures show an activation segment similar in conformation to an autoinhibitory segment observed in the hepatocyte growth factor receptor kinase but different from the known structures of other FGFR kinases. The structures of FGFR4 in complex with the type I inhibitor Dovitinib and the type II inhibitor Ponatinib reveal the molecular interactions with different types of kinase inhibitors and may assist in the design and development of FGFR4 inhibitors.
__label__0, In this paper, size-dependent equations of motion for functionally graded cylindrical shell were developed using shear deformation model and rotation inertia. Material properties of the shell were assumed as continuously variable along thickness, and consistent with the variation in the component’s volume fraction based on power law distribution. To consider the size effect, modified couple stress theory in conjunction with first order shear deformation shell model were used, and general equations of motion and classical and non-classical boundary conditions were derived based on Hamilton’s principle. Finally, in the special case, using the Navier procedure, the free vibrations of simply supported functionally graded cylindrical nanoshell were obtained, and the effects of parameters such as dimensionless length scale parameter, distribution of FG properties, thickness, and length on the natural frequency were identified and was compared with the classical theory. Results obtained through the modified couple stress theory are indicative of the considerable effect of the size parameter, particularly in bigger thicknesses and shorter lengths of nanotubes, on the natural frequency.
__label__0, Steroids have a wide spectrum of impact, serving as fundamental regulators of nearly every physiological process within the human body. Therapeutic applications of steroids are equally broad, with a diverse range of medications and targets. Within the central nervous system (CNS), steroids influence development, memory, behavior, and disease outcomes. Moreover, steroids are well recognized as to their impact on the vascular endothelium. The blood–brain barrier (BBB) at the level of the brain microvascular endothelium serves as the principle interface between the peripheral circulation and the brain. Steroids have been identified to impact several critical properties of the BBB, including cellular efflux mechanisms, nutrient uptake, and tight junction integrity. Such actions not only influence brain homeostasis but also the delivery of CNS-targeted therapeutics. A greater understanding of the respective steroid–BBB interactions may shed further light on the differential treatment outcomes observed across CNS pathologies. In this chapter, we examine the current therapeutic implications of steroids respective to BBB structure and function, with emphasis on glucocorticoids and estrogens.
__label__0, This study proposes a model of a cyclic distillation tray with separate phase movement (SPM). The model is based on detailed equations for the differential mass balance of the stage during vapor supply, the liquid flow hydrodynamics and the mass transfer kinetics using local point efficiency. Aspen custom modeler (ACM) was chosen for the model implementation due to its rich features as computer aided process engineering tool. ACM has built-in connectivity for the thermodynamics and flowsheeting calculations hence the model allows a straight forward performance evaluation for any binary separation process, filling the gap between design and application of cyclic distillation.
__label__0, This chapter addresses critical management control factors that affect the overall profitability of a flexible packaging operation. In this regard, maximizing the productive use of time and the incorporation of raw material into saleable product are critical. The custom, make-to-order nature of the business makes the classic cost-accounting notion of “economic order quantity” critical for success in the industry. The concept, called “minimum job size” in the industry, greatly impacts the amount of wasted time and material experienced. This chapter explores the causes of such waste. It anticipates topics addressed in subsequent chapters that help the converter to improve profitability and competitiveness.
__label__0, Increasing demands for water by industry, a growing population, and increasing food and fiber needs will require agriculture to become more efficient in its use of water. To accomplish better use of water, production of dry matter or salable crop must be increased per unit of water used in evapotranspiration or for irrigation in semiarid and desert areas. Whether fertilizers affect evapotranspiration depends, it appears, on whether the larger plant has the opportunity to intercept advected heat. In small containers, unguarded lysimeters, and some small-plot experiments, advected heat is great and fertilizers do increase evapotranspiration. Some field experiments show no effect of fertilizers and of increased growth on evapotranspiration.
__label__0, Corrosion monitoring is a critical component in the overall corrosion management of structures and systems. Effective corrosion monitoring can be achieved through the selection of appropriate monitoring methods, the use of suitable reassessment intervals, and the use and application of the data generated. When done properly, corrosion monitoring can also serve as an early warning system before the onset of corrosion-related failures.
__label__0, This chapter considers compressive, tensile, and shear tests on foams as well as their interpretation. The time scale varies from days for creep tests, to a few milliseconds for impact tests. There are some specialized tests, such as indentation force deflection tests for soft foams and fracture toughness tests for rigid foams. Although tensile tests are common for other materials, they are rarely used for foams. This is partly because of the difficulty of gripping foams to apply tensile loads, and partly because few applications involve tensile loads; most foams are weak in tension and fracture easily. Compressive loading is common in foam cushions and packaging foams loaded by the weight of the contents. Shear occurs if the applied force vector lies in the surface plane of the foam block. Bending and torsion often occur in foam products. Stresses in bending or torsion vary with the distance from the neutral surface or axis of twisting of the specimen; therefore, only a small region is under high stress. In compression tests, stresses are intended to be uniform. Bead foam moldings usually vary in density from the skin to the core, so have inhomogeneous microstructures. Consequently the Young's modulus and strength vary with position in specimens cut from these moldings.
__label__0, The paper presents the synthesis of thiol capped CdSe/ZnS core/shell nanoparticles with CdSe core and ZnS shell. The thickness of the ZnS shell has been controlled by the regulating the amount of Zn/S precursors for reaction. The steady and transient photoluminescence properties substantiate the growth of ZnS shell over the CdSe cores. High resolution transmission electron microscope and the X-ray diffraction patterns reveal nanocrystalline particles of an average size 3.4 nm packed in wurtzite lattice. Photoluminescence excitation spectra as well as the excitation–emission matrix of CdSe and CdSe/ZnS evidence the growth of ZnS for Type I hetero-junction without interfering the energy states of core. By this method, ZnS layer of 8.84 Å is optimum for fluorescence enhancement of the core/shell quantum dots. The multiexponential fluorescence decay of the quantum dots represents independent radiative recombinations with overlapped energies. It is revealed that the average fluorescence lifetimes of quantum dots decreased with increase in ZnS shell, which is due to the enhanced contribution from initially populated excitonic recombination and the reduction in the surface trap states with shell growth.
__label__0, In this work, liquid−liquid equilibria (LLE) of solutions of imidazolium-based ionic liquids—with either bistriflamide ([Cnmim][NTf2], n = 2 and n = 10) or triflate anions ([C2mim][OTf]), with 1-propanol, 1,2-propanediol, 1,3-propanediol, and glycerol (1,2,3-propanetriol)—were studied. The obtained phase diagrams show a remarkable difference in solvation properties between ionic liquids with NTf2 or OTf anions toward the aforementioned alcohols: although [C2mim][NTf2] constantly exhibited partial miscibility, [C2mim][OTf] was always completely miscible. This divergence is likely to be related to the distinct abilities of NTf2 and OTf anions toward hydrogen bonding. It was also found that the shorter cation alkyl chain in the [Cnmim][NTf2] ionic liquids provided better solubility with both propanediols and glycerol. In addition, the solubility of 1,3-propanediol in both [C2mim][NTf2] and [C10mim][NTf2] was much lower than that of 1,2-propanediol. From the application point of view, the present results show that mixtures of [C2mim][NTf2] and [C2mim][OTf] ionic liquids may achieve the separation of 1,3-propanediol from glycerol. The LLE experimental results were correlated using a model based on the Peng−Robinson equation of state (PR EoS) combined with the Mathias−Klotz−Prausnitz (MKP) mixing rule.
__label__0, Spectra of excitation and emission were measured at RT and 15 K in crystals quenched (Q) of CsBr:Eu2+, CsBr:Mn2+ and CsBr:Eu2+,Mn2+. Emission bands at 444, 480, 520 and 570 nm with different relative intensities are generated in the samples after UV excitation. The blue band at 444 nm was ascribed with unknown clusters or aggregated centers (AC) of dipoles type Eu2+–VC− and insulated dipole centers (IDC) like Eu2+–O2−. The bands at 480, 520 and 570 nm were assigned to Cs4EuBr6 nanocrystals; AC containing MnBr 4 2 − units in tetrahedral symmetry and another yet unidentified AC defect, respectively. In crystals of CsBr:Eu2+,Mn2+ the excitation and emission spectra taken at 15 K show no clear evidence of an energy transfer mechanism. Instead, the results suggest that the emission is produced by direct excitation of the ions of Eu2+ and Mn2+. Accordingly, single- or double-doped CsBr crystals may contain the same type of defects, either AC and/or IDC.
__label__0, The additions of argon and oxygen to H2–CH4 feed gas and high-electron-density plasma generated by the millimeter-wave power were used to deposit microcrystalline diamond films having high quality and high growth rate simultaneously. Microcrystalline diamond films were grown on silicon substrates with 60–90 mm diameter in the millimeter-wave plasma-assisted CVD reactor based on 10 kW gyrotron operating at a frequency of 30 GHz. The growth process and morphology of diamond films at wide variation of parameters (gas pressure, substrate temperature, microwave power, argon and oxygen concentrations in gas mixtures Ar–H2–CH4 and Ar–H2–CH4–O2) are investigated. For understanding of growth conditions the investigations of the plasma parameters (electron density and gas temperature) in novel CVD reactor are presented.
__label__0, Doum palm fibers are an environmentally friendly reinforcement in polymer composites. Their mechanical properties and abundance allow its use as an innovative material composite. In this paper doum fibers were alkali treated to clean their surface and enhance polymer fibers interaction. Tensile and rheological properties were investigated to see the effect of fibers content on the composites properties. Also, comparative composites were processed to assure a good wettability between fibers and the polymer with the use of a coupling agent as styrene–(ethylene–butene)–styrene three-block copolymer grafted with maleic anhydride (SEBS-g-MA). Results shows that tensile properties was enhanced when fiber were added to the polymer and has enhanced more with the use of coupling agent. A gain of 70% and 77% in the Young’s modulus at 30 wt.% fibers content for the binary and ternary composites, respectively. And a gain of 18% in tensile strength at 10 wt.% fibers content for the ternary composites. Moreover, dynamic mechanical thermal analyses were carried out in order to compare the changes of the properties with frequency, fibers loading, temperature and compatibilizer.
__label__0, Manual scoring of sleep spindles can be very time-consuming, and achieving accurate manual scoring on a long-term recording requires high and sustained levels of vigilance, which makes it a highly demanding task with the associated risk of decreased diagnosis accuracy. Although automatic spindle detection would be attractive, most available algorithms are sensitive to variations in spindle amplitude and frequency that occur between both subjects and derivations, reducing their effectiveness.
__label__0, Bacterial cytochrome P450 enzymes catalyze the oxidative biotransformation of various types of compounds. Although the functional expression of Actinomycetes P450 in a closely related heterologous host can serve as a useful biocatalyst in whole-cell biotransformation assays, the co-expression of an electron transfer partner is required. To overcome this limitation, P450Rhf from Rhodococcus sp. NCIMB 9784 is an ideal candidate, because it is fused to a reductase domain at the C terminus and does not require an electron transfer partner. Here, we cloned P450Rhf into the hyper-inducible expression vector pSH19 in Streptomyces lividans TK24 for developing an efficient whole-cell biotransformation system with bacterial P450. The recombinant strain displayed high conversion activity (79.1%) of 7-ethoxycoumarin to 7-hydroxycoumarin after 48 h, and the observed activity was markedly higher than those for 7-methoxycoumarin and 7-propoxycoumarin used as substrates. We next screened several commercially available substrates possessing an ethyl phenyl ether moiety, which is also present in 7-ethoxycoumarin, and found that 4′-ethoxy-2′-hydroxyacetphenone was almost completely dealkylated (95.0%), and that 7-ethoxy-4-methylcoumarin was converted to two products, 7-hydroxy-4-methylcoumarin and 7-ethoxy-4-hydroxymethyl-coumarin. Our research suggests that enhancement of heterologous P450 expression using the pSH19 system in whole-cell biotransformation assays is valuable for identifying novel substrates of P450, as well as for obtaining high yields of conversion products.
__label__0, The objective of this work is the study of adsorption of Reactive Orange 12 (RO-12) and Direct yellow 12 (DY 12) by zinc sulfide:copper (ZnS–Cu–NP–AC) nanoparticles loaded on activated carbon. This new material with high efficiency in a routine manner was synthesized in our laboratory and its surface properties viz surface area, pore volume and functional groups was characterized with different techniques such FT-IR, SEM, and BET analysis. Generally, in batch adsorption procedure variables including amount of adsorbent, initial dyes concentration, contact time, temperature on dyes removal percentage has great effect on removal percentage that their influence was optimized. The kinetic of proposed adsorption processes efficiently followed, pseudo-second-order, and intra-particle diffusion kinetic models. The equilibrium data the removal strongly follow Langmuir monolayer adsorption with high adsorption capacity in short time. This novel adsorbent by small amount (0.08 g) really is applicable for removal of high amount of both dyes (RO 12 and DY 12) in short time (<20 min). Based on the calculated thermodynamic parameters such as enthalpy (ΔH), entropy (ΔS), activation energy (Ea), sticking probability (S*) and Gibb’s free energy changes (ΔG), it is noticeable that the sorption of both dyes onto ZnS:Cu–AC was spontaneous and endothermic process. At optimum values all variables the effect of contact time on adsorption was investigated and the dependency of adsorption data to different kinetic model such as pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, Elovich and intra-particle diffusion was assessed and it was found that the removal processes follow pseudo second order kinetics and interparticle diffusion mechanism.
__label__0, Detecting significant periods of phase synchronization in EEG recordings is a non-trivial task that is made especially difficult when considering the effects of volume conduction and common sources. In addition, EEG signals are often confounded by non-neural signals, such as artifacts arising from muscle activity or external electrical devices. A variety of phase synchronization analysis methods have been develo
__label__0, The performance of the entropic free-volume (FV) activity coefficient model and the Holten-Andersen et al. equation of state (EOS) in predicting the liquid−liquid equilibrium (LLE) for solutions involving one polymer and two solvents is examined. Both models are purely predictive since only the structures of the compounds involved and, in the case of the entropic FV model, the molar volumes are required. The necessary interaction parameters for both models are obtained from vapor−liquid equilibrium (VLE) data for mixtures of low molecular weight compounds. The entropic FV model qualitatively predicts the ternary LLE phase envelope for all the systems studied, while for some of them the predictions can be considered quantitative as well. The Holten-Andersen et al. EOS provides quite satisfactory results for some of the systems, while it fails for others. In addition, due to the UNIFAC parameter table employed, the entropic FV model is of wider applicability compared to the Holten-Andersen et al. EOS.
__label__0, The move being made by manufacturers of capital goods from offering products to solutions implies that they must make a decision as to whether the capabilities necessary for providing solutions should be developed internally or externally. However, research has often implied an internal capability development option, and focused mostly on multinational companies. Through multiple case studies, this paper provides a deeper understanding of the strategic decisions about the “make or buy” of capabilities. A framework is proposed for classifying the different approaches adopted by firms, consisting of two dimensions. The first one encompasses the service components driving the move from products to solutions, whilst the second one describes whether the capabilities are developed internally, externally or in a mixed way. The empirical application of the framework suggests four distinct strategic approaches relating the service components and the development of capabilities. They are named “selling after-sales services”, “integrating after-sales solutions”, “selling life-cycle solutions” and “orchestrating total solutions”. The description of these approaches enriches the understanding of the ways in which firms move towards the provision of integrated solutions. Finally, the inclusion in the sample of smaller firms allows to extend the discussion about the transition from products to solutions to contexts different from those of multinational enterprises generally studied.
__label__0, Two new two-dimensional (2D) lanthanide-organic frameworks based on H2btca and oxalate mixed ligands, namely, {Ln(Hbtca)(C2O4)(H2O)2]·(H2O)}n (Ln = Sm 1, Ho 2; H2btca = benzotriazole-5-carboxylic acid), were obtained by the solvothermal reaction of H2btca, ammonium oxalate and corresponding lanthanide nitrate. Compounds 1–2 are isostructural and both exhibit 2D layers with uncoordinated 1H-benzotriazole moieties, which are further self-assembled to form a three-dimensional (3D) supramolecular structure through hydrogen bonds. TGA and variable-temperature PXRD studies indicate desolvated 1 has excellent thermal stability, which is a new potential metal–organic scaffold for solid-phase organic chemistry. Furthermore, the luminescence properties of 1–2 are investigated at room temperature in the solid state.
__label__0, There is no evidence in the literature that substantiates the safety of Campomanesia xanthocarpa (Berg.) use during pregnancy.
__label__0, An important perceived benefit of self-service technology has been its potential to reduce customer waiting-times. The purpose of this study was therefore to examine under which conditions the introduction of self-service technology in a service delivery process could reduce actual waiting-times and improve service levels. A simulation study showed that waiting-times and service levels in a hotel check-in process were influenced by the number of resources available to customers, the number of customers arriving to receive service, the processing speed of the self-service kiosk and the failure rate of the self-service kiosk. Specifically, results showed that longer self-service kiosk processing times and higher failure rates led to longer waiting-times, especially when customer demand was high. The authors recommend that service providers considering self-service technology implementation pay careful attention to the design and performance of the self-service technology.
__label__0, Comprendre les apports des profils IHE dans la sécurisation des échanges d’information médicale.
__label__0, A novel mathematical model of local induction heating of very thin metal plates in an external time-variable magnetic field is suggested. Distribution of eddy currents induced in the plate is modelled by electric vector T-potential and thermal fluxes in the systems are expressed in terms of heat sources and sinks. Analysed are also the thermoelastic displacements in the plate, their back influence on the discretization mesh and distribution of the electromagnetic and thermal quantities. Numerical solution of the problem is carried out in the hard-coupled formulation. The methodology is illustrated by a typical example whose results are discussed.
__label__0, Nanoparticle (NP) and nanotube (NT) morphologies consisting of mixed-phase (anatase and rutile) TiO2 photoanode were prepared to investigate electron transport and photovoltaic performance for dye-sensitized solar cell (DSSC) application. Agglomeration and condensation of TiO2 nanostructures combined with phase change were observed during 650 °C sinter. The longer electron lifetime (τ) 53 ms with 5 × 1018 cm−3 of electron density (ns) in pure anatase NT photoanode could not achieve high solar conversion efficiency because rich surface states and oxygen vacancies trigger recombination of back-electrons and reduce the resistance (Rk) between TiO2 photoanode and electrolyte interface. In contrast, 12% rutile content of NP TiO2 photoanode with shorter τ and lower ns could improve light harvesting and achieve overall solar conversion efficiency to 5.1%. It is speculated that the high Rk value inhibits the recombination of back-electron and increases high open circuit voltage. Moreover, high efficiency of electron migrated from rutile conduction band to anatase trapping sites contribute to the overall solar energy conversion.
__label__0, Rumex nepalensis is a reputed medicinal herb of North Western Himalayas. It owes its pharmacological significance to an active class of compounds known as anthraquinones. In the present study four different intraspecific cytotypes with varying ploidy level ranging from tetraploidy (4×, 2n = 40) to octaploidy (8×, 2n = 80) were discovered, hitherto unreported. The investigation also included the evaluation of chemical variability in four major anthraquinone constituents of different cytotypes from five altitudinal habitats of Himalayas using standard HPLC method. There was significant increase in the aglycone components of anthraquinones with the increase in ploidy status, except for dodecaploid type (12×, 2n = 120) that showed a decreasing trend in their accumulation. However, the overall concentration of anthraquinones, both glycone and aglycone constituents was found to be highest (33.95%) in the dodecaploid type from Lidderwatt location. Polyploidy, an important driver of eukaryotic evolution is a prevalent feature among angiosperm species providing dynamic genome flexibility to them. Polyploids can undergo rapid structural and functional alterations, allowing them to adapt and persist across heterogeneous landscapes in the long run. It is reflected in the robust adaptability of different cytotypes of R. nepalensis. These display appreciable chemical variability, and ecological plasticity possibly because of the intraspecific polyploidization in response to different ecological niches of a geographical region. The scope of present investigation also extends to identify elite cytotypes in terms of their desirable chemoprofiles for pharmaceutical and commercial purposes.
__label__0, This paper provides significant ethnopharmacological information on plant used in dermatological affections in Navarra.
__label__0, Long-term results of decompressive laminectomy in degenerative lumbar stenosis have been studied in only six prospective studies. The objective of our study was to evaluate the functional outcome at long term of patients after decompressive laminectomy in lumbar stenosis and to determine predictive factors of favorable outcome.
__label__0, This work is the first large-scale study on vineyard-associated yeast strains from Apulia (Southern Italy). Yeasts were identified by Internal Transcribed Spacer (ITS) ribotyping and bioinformatic analysis. The polymorphism of interdelta elements was used to differentiate Saccharomyces cerevisiae strains. Twenty different species belonging to 9 genera were identified. Predominant on the grape surface were Metschnikowia pulcherrima, Hanseniaspora uvarum and Aureobasidium pullulans, whereas M. pulcherrima and H. uvarum were dominant in the early fermentation stage. A total of 692 S. cerevisiae isolates were identified and a number of S. cerevisiae strains, ranging from 26 to 55, was detected in each of the eight fermentations. The strains were tested for biogenic amines (BAs) production, either in synthetic media or grape must. Two Pichia manshurica, an Issatchenkia terricola and a M. pulcherrima strains were able to produce histamine and cadaverine, during must fermentation. The production of BAs in wine must was different than that observed in the synthetic medium. This feature indicate the importance of an “in grape must” assessment of BAs producing yeast. Overall, our results suggest the importance of microbiological control during wine-making to reduce the potential health risk for consumer represented by these spoilage yeasts.
__label__0, Parvovirus B19 is the causative agent of fifth disease in children, aplastic crisis in those with blood dyscrasias, and hydrops fetalis. Previous parvovirus B19 virus-like-particle (VLP) vaccine candidates were produced by co-infection of insect cells with two baculoviruses, one expressing wild-type VP1 and the other expressing VP2. In humans, the VLPs were immunogenic but reactogenic. We have developed new VLP-based parvovirus B19 vaccine candidates, produced by co-expressing VP2 and either wild-type VP1 or phospholipase-negative VP1 in a regulated ratio from a single plasmid in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. These VLPs are expressed efficiently, are very homogeneous, and can be highly purified. Although VP2 alone can form VLPs, in mouse immunizations, VP1 and the adjuvant MF59 are required to elicit a neutralizing response. Wild-type VLPs and those with phospholipase-negative VP1 are equivalently potent. The purity, homogeneity, yeast origin, and lack of phospholipase activity of these VLPs address potential causes of previously observed reactogenicity.
__label__0, Due to the difficulties in deep sequencing, high-throughput sequencing of ancient DNA has been limited to exceptionally well-preserved ancient materials. The primary factor is microbial attack popularly observed in the buried materials, and it causes drastic increase in relative ratio of microbial DNA in the extracted DNA. We present a unified strategy in which emulsion PCR is coupled with target enrichment followed by next-generation sequencing. The method made it possible to obtain efficiently non-duplicated reads mapped to target sequences of interest, and this can achieve deep and reliable sequencing of ancient DNA from typical materials, even though poorly preserved.
__label__0, Novel and uniform one-dimensional (1D) tadpole-shaped Cu nanostructures with single-crystal nature have been successfully fabricated on a large scale by using a convenient microwave-assisted chemical reductive process in the absence of any surfactants. The as-synthesized products are characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), energy dispersive X-ray spectrometry (EDX), field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM), selected area electronic diffraction (SAED) and UV–visible spectroscopy. FESEM and TEM images indicate that the prepared Cu nanotadpoles have hexagonal plate-like heads with edge size of 600–800 nm and 4–6 μm long wire-like tails with the middle part diameters of 100–200 nm. The purity and morphology of Cu crystals are greatly affected by the concentration of hexamethylenetetramine and ascorbic acid, which are realized by carefully controlling the experimental conditions. The possible mechanism for the formation of tadpole-shaped Cu nanostructures is discussed.
__label__0, In this study, infinite and finite periodic body centered cubic (BCC) and face centered cubic (FCC) lattices with and without inertial amplification mechanisms are investigated. These three-dimensional lattices are modeled with mass and spring elements that are parametrically varied to observe their effect on phononic gap (stop band) limits. When inertial amplification mechanisms are used in both of the infinite periodic lattices, wide low frequency band gaps are generated. Moreover, wide and deep phononic gaps are obtained by using moderate amount of unit cells in the case of finite periodic lattices.
__label__0, Atmospheric plasma sprayed (APS) zirconium oxide based coatings are used widely in aero engine components for providing thermal insulation, improving the corrosion and oxidation resistance. Despite its wide spread industrial use, little is known about the basic erosion behaviour and the mechanisms by which such coatings erode. In this paper, the erosive wear behaviours of Yttria Stabilized Zirconia (YSZ) coatings; Lanthanum Zirconate (LZ) coatings and Inconel 738 base material (BM) were studied and compared under air jet erosion conditions with corundum particles as erodent material. The erosion behaviour was studied with respect to the different porosity volume percentages of the coatings and the changes in velocity of erodent, impact angle of erodent and erodent particle flux. It was found that in solid particle erosion, the wear resistances of YSZ and LZ coatings were the best at their lowest porosity volume and it decreased with the increase in the percentage volume of porosity. There was a linear increase in the wear resistance with the increase in hardness. Further, relationships among the erosion parameters with respect to erosive wear loss were derived by using the response surface methodology and the erosion mechanisms were discussed adequately.
__label__0, Inductively coupled plasma–mass spectrometery (ICP–MS) was used to quantitate elemental impurities in sulfamide from seven common vendors, Acros, Aldrich, Alfa-Aesar, Fluka (Lot #1 and Lot #2), Maybridge, Pfaltz and Bauer, and Spectrum (Lot #1 and Lot #2) with the goal of using these impurities to differentiate the sulfamide samples and link the sulfamide back to its vendor. This attribution of the sulfamide back to its vendor is forensically relevant since sulfamide is a precursor to the deadly neurotoxin, tetramethylenedisulfotetramine (TETS). Solution ICP mass spectra identified statistically different concentrations of Cu, Fe, Ni, and Zn among some of the vendors and even in the same lots of the same vendor. These elemental concentrations were entered into discriminant functions which resulted in successful discrimination among the vendors. The two lots of Spectrum were also differentiated while one lot of Fluka was misclassified as the other Fluka lot. These preliminary results indicate the feasibility of using inorganic impurities to cluster vendors with the potential for association or disassociation of an unknown back to a vendor.
__label__0, The hypotheses that pulsatile secretion of luteinizing hormone (LH) increases in heifers between 3 and 9 weeks of age and that ovarian inhibition of pulsatile LH release is first established between 3 and 9 weeks of age were tested in Holstein heifers. Heifers were bilaterally ovariectomized at 3 (n=5), 6 (n=4) or 9 (n=4) weeks of age. Blood samples were collected via indwelling jugular cannulae at 10-min intervals for 8 hr 1 week before and 1 and 4 weeks after ovariectomy. During the preovariectomy sampling period, no LH pulses were detected in the 3- or 6-week-old heifers, while one LH pulse occurred in three of four heifers in the 9 week age group. Both mean plasma LH concentration and number of LH pulses increased (P<0.01) by 1 week after ovariectomy only in the 6 and 9 week age groups. Between 1 and 4 weeks following ovariectomy, mean LH concentration increased (P<0.01) in all age groups, while number of LH pulses increased (P<0.01) only in the 3 week group. When the data from the three age groups were combined, amplitude of LH pulses increased (P<0.01) between 1 and 4 weeks following ovariectomy. Mean plasma levels of corticoids did not differ among age groups within sampling periods.
__label__0, The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of stocking rate (SR) and calving date (CD) on milk production, BW and BCS within grass-based production systems post-European Union milk quotas using modern grazing management practices and high genetic potential Holstein–Friesian (HF) spring calving dairy cattle over a two year period. Two groups of HF dairy cows with different mean CD were established from within the existing research herd at Moorepark (Teagasc, Ireland). Animals were assigned either to an early calving (mean CD: 12 February) treatment or a late calving (mean CD: 25 February) treatment. Animals within each CD treatment were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 SR treatments, Low (2.51 cows/hectare (ha), Medium (2.92 cows/ha) and High (3.28 cows/ha) which were designed to represent 3 alternative whole farm SR in a post-European Union milk quota, spring calving, grass-based milk production system. A total of 138 spring-calving dairy cows, comprised of two strains of HF (North American HF and New Zealand HF genetic strains), were used during 2009 and 2010, respectively. The effects of CD, SR treatment, genetic strain and their interactions on milk production per cow and per ha, body weight and body condition score were analyzed. Although reducing per animal production, increased SR resulted in increased milk and milk solids production per ha. The results also indicate that although CD had no effect on total lactation performance, adjusting mean CD may be an effective strategy to align animal requirements and grass supply and reduce the requirement for supplements at increased SR in early lactation.
__label__0, To date, there has been little work describing the neurochemical profile of young, heavy marijuana users. In this study, we examined 27 young-adult marijuana users and 26 healthy controls using single-voxel magnetic resonance spectroscopy on a 3 T scanner. The voxel was placed in the dorsal striatum, and estimated concentrations of glutamate + glutamine, myo-inositol, taurine + glucose, total choline and total N-acetylaspartate were examined between groups. There were no overall group effects, but two metabolites showed group by sex interactions. Lower levels of glutamate + glutamine (scaled to total creatine) were observed in female, but not male, marijuana users compared to controls. Higher levels of myo-inositol were observed in female users compared to female non-users and to males in both groups. Findings are discussed in relation to patterns of corticostriatal connectivity and function, in the context of marijuana abuse.
__label__0, A weakly compressible SPH solver is presented for applications involving nonlinear interaction between water waves and floating bodies. A complete algorithm able to compute fully coupled viscous Fluid–Solid interactions is described. No slip boundary condition on the solid surface is enforced through a ghost–fluid technique and the global loads are evaluated through the momentum exchange between fluid and ghost particles. A dedicated algorithm is developed to manage the intersection between the free surface and the solid profile. An explicit synchronous algorithm is proposed for the full coupling between fluid and rigid bodies. Stability, convergence and conservation properties are tested on several freely floating test cases and a final validation of the full algorithm is performed for the interaction between a 2-D box and a wave packet.
__label__0, Locating the optic disc center and the fovea in digital fundus images is surprisingly difficult due to the variation range in color and contrast and the possible presence of pathologies creating bright spots or changing the appearance of retinal landmarks. These reasons make it difficult to find good templates of optic disc and fovea shape and color for pattern matching.
__label__0, Recently, many optimized nutrient management strategies have been applied to improve rice yield and nitrogen use efficiency (NUE) in China, most of which achieved higher yield and NUE than farmers’ usual fertilizer practices. The objective of this study was to investigate the aboveground biomass, nitrogen (N) accumulation and contribution of yield factors (i.e., number of effective panicles, number of spikelets per panicle, and grain weight) on rice yield regulated by optimized nitrogen application at different growth stages. Field experiments were conducted in 2009 and 2010 at 7 different sites, and three optimized N treatments (OPT) were compared with local farmers’ fertilizer practices (FFP). Rice yields of the optimized treatments increased 8.2–12.6% over the farmers’ fertilizer practices. Recovery efficiency of N (REN), agronomic N use efficiency (AEN) and partial factor productivity of applied N (PFPN) for OPT1 and OPT2 were all significantly higher than those obtained using the farmers’ fertilizer practices. The aboveground biomass and nitrogen accumulation of OPTs were lower than FFP at the vegetative and earlier reproductive growth stages, but the accumulation rate became faster than FFP at the later reproductive stage. In our result, grain yield was positively correlated with the panicles per unit area for OPTs, but not for FFP. Spikelets per panicles had negative correlation with panicles per unit area but the slop of OPTs was slower than the slope of FFP. We found that the OPTs treatments could mitigate the contradiction between yield formation factors. According to yield responses to the treatments, we defined two dominant yield-promotion stages: the primary nutrient contribution stage and the advanced nutrient contribution stage. Our results illustrated that at the primary nutrient contribution stage, the main promotion factor for yield was panicle number, which was mainly promoted by high N application at the early vegetative stage, and at the advanced nutrient contribution stage, the yield increase depended upon resolving the contradiction between number of effective panicles and spikelet number per panicle, which resulted from appropriate adjustments to the proportions of added N applied at different growth stages. In conclusion, our results indicated that adjusting the proportion of N application at different growth stages may reform the source–sink contradiction of yield, thus further increasing rice yield.
__label__0, In this paper, the magneto-optical properties of hexagon-hole microstructured optical fiber filled with magnetic fluid were investigated. The results indicate that the proposed device has excellent magnetic-field tunability and could be used in sensing area. The dispersion curves of different modes under various magnetic fields demonstrate the higher the intensity of magnetic field, the lower the refractive index of mode; the tunability of cladding modes is greater than that of core modes, and the tunability of higher order modes is greater than that of lower order modes. It shows that filled MOF could be used for the mode ON–OFF or single/multi-mode filters controlled by magnetic field. The transmission of the fiber decreases exponentially with increase of the magnetic field intensity, which permits filled MOF use as intensity-modulated magnetic-field sensors in high sensitivity magnetic-sensing area. The proposed magneto-optic tunable devices have several advantages of simple structure, high integration, easy fabrication, etc.
__label__0, A novel electrochemical sensor based on d-penicillamine (d-PA) molecularly imprinted polypyrrole film on a glassy carbon electrode was fabricated. The complementary cavities located on the surface of molecularly imprinted polypyrrole film were used for subsequent template recognition. It was confirmed that the molecularly imprinted polypyrrole modified glassy carbon electrode (MIP-GCE) showed greater recognition ability than the non-molecularly imprinted polypyrrole modified glassy carbon electrode (NIP-GCE). Considering the electrochemical oxidation of d-PA with ferrocyanide and the specific recognition of molecular imprinting technique, the highly selective determination of d-penicillamine was achieved on the d-PA molecularly imprinted polypyrrole modified glassy carbon electrodes using ferrocyanide as an electrochemical probe. Several factors affecting sensor response, such as film thickness, template concentration, and the pH of phosphate buffer solution, were investigated to achieve optimum electrochemical response to d-PA at the MIP-GCE. The MIP-GCE revealed highly linear behavior in the concentration range of 10.0–480.0 μmol L−1 with the detection limit of 3.5 μmol L−1 for d-PA. The novel sensor has been applied to the determination of d-PA in real biological samples with satisfactory results.
__label__0, Four commercial catalysts for steam reforming of higher hydrocarbons (naphthas) and three for steam reforming of light hydrocarbons are tested for hot gas clean up and upgrading in biomass gasification with air in fluidized bed. The catalysts used originate from four manufacturers:  BASF AG, ICI-Katalco, Haldor Topsoe a/s, and United Catalysts Inc. The work is performed in a small pilot plant (1−2 kg of biomass fed/h) with three reactors in series:  gasifier, guard bed of dolomite, and full flow catalytic bed. Samples of gas are taken before and after the catalytic bed at different times-on-stream. It is shown how the H2, CO, CO2, CH4 and steam contents in the flue gas change because of the catalytic bed approaching contents near to the ones corresponding to the equilibrium state. Variations in the heating value of the gas and gas yield as a result of the catalytic bed are also reported.
__label__0, Eight different commercial catalysts, nickel based, for steam reforming of naphthas and of natural gas are tested in biomass gasification for hot gas cleanup and conditioning. They were manufactured by BASF AG, ICI−Katalco, UCI, and Haldor Topsøe a/s. The catalysts were tested in a slip flow after a biomass gasifier of fluidized bed type at small pilot-plant scale (10−20 kg of biomass/h). The gasifying agent used is steam-oxygen mixtures. A guard bed containing a calcined dolomite is used to decrease the tar content in the gas at the inlet of the catalytic bed. Main variables studied are catalyst type, bed temperature, H2O + O2 to biomass feed ratio, and time-on-stream. All catalysts for reforming of naphthas show to be very active and useful for tar removal and gas conditioning (in biomass gasification). 98% tar removal is easily obtained with space velocities of 14 000 h-1 (n.c.). No catalysts deactivation is found in 48 h-on-stream tests when the catalyst temperature is relatively high (780−830 °C). Using a simple first-order kinetic model for the overall tar removal reaction, apparent energies of activation (of around 58 kJ/mol) and preexponential factors are obtained for the most active catalysts.
__label__0, The performance of a biomass gasifier, fluidized-bed type, is improved by in-bed use of calcined dolomite. Tar contents in the raw flue gas below 1 g/mn3 are obtained by using a bed with a percentage between 15 and 30 wt % of dolomite (the rest being silica sand). The work is carried out at small pilot-plant scale (10 kg of biomass/h) with equivalence ratios (ER) between 0.20 and 0.35 and temperatures of 800−840 °C in the gasifier bed. To replace the eroded and elutriated dolomite (from the gasifier bed), an amount of dolomite (0.40−0.63 mm) is continuously fed, mixed with the biomass at 3 wt %. When the results obtained with in-bed dolomite are compared to the ones gained in a gasifier bed without dolomite, change of the following variables is reported:  gas composition and its corresponding heating value, gas and char yields, apparent thermal efficiency, and tar contents. Once the usefulness of the in-bed use of dolomite is established, three main operation variables (ER and temperatures of the gasifier bed and freeboard) are studied in the improved gasifier. Carryover of solids from the gasifier also increases when calcined dolomite is used because of its softness. Elutriation rate constants are calculated for several operational parameters.
__label__0, The temporal variation of water column inventories of 137Cs in the western North Pacific was examined. 137Cs in seawater of the western North Pacific has originated mainly from global fallout from atmospheric nuclear weapons tests, which occurred in the early 1960's. In the western North Pacific, the water column inventories of 137Cs were 5200 Bq·m-2 in 1973 (GEOSECS station GX225) and 3400 Bq·m-2 in 1983 (KH-84-3 station AN-1). In 1997, the 137Cs inventory was 2600 Bq·m-2 at station 1 of the IAEA'97 cruise. The global fallout at Tsukuba since 1945 was estimated to be 5600 Bq·m-2 in 1973, 4600 Bq·m-2 in 1983 and 3500 Bq·m-2 in 1997. The water column inventories of 137Cs were 93–74% of the estimated global fallout for the same latitude. The typical features of the temporal variation for three vertical profiles taken in 1973, 1983 and 1997 are the decrease of 137Cs activity in the mixed layer and the gradual increase of 137Cs activity in deeper layers. The proportion of the 137Cs inventory in waters down to 1000 meters was 100% in 1973, 88% in 1983 and 75% in 1997. These findings suggest that large amount of the 137Cs entering through sea surface would remain in the mixed layer for more than a few decades.
__label__0, A new method based on multiwavelength optical probing and multiwavelength pyroreflectometry of open sample surface to measure spectral optical properties of semitransparent ceramic materials at their melting points and to determine their true melting temperatures has been developed. With the method developed the spectral optical properties (reflectivity, emissivity, transmittance) of Nd2O3, Gd2O3, Er2O3, and Ho2O3 for seven wavelengths in the spectral range 0.4 to 1.1 μm at their melting points have been measured for the first time. It is shown that the method developed has a high precision in determining the true melting temperatures for semitransparent ceramic materials. In open surface pyrometry this method is used for the first time.
__label__0, A grid based variable density numerical model, SEAWAT-2000 is used to conceptually simulate groundwater flow and transport for a coastal stretch in Karnataka state, India. SEAWAT is a coupled version of MODFLOW and MT3DMS designed to simulate three-dimensional, variable density groundwater flow and multi-species transport. The variable density flow process uses the familiar and well established MODFLOW methodology to solve the variable density groundwater flow equation. The aquifer considered for the present study is bounded by Arabian sea on the west, the ridge line along the east andShambhaviand Pavanjerivers along the northern and southern sides respectively. The study has its focus on managing the available data in the most efficient manner to develop a reliable and sophisticated simulation model. The aquifer parameters are estimated by calibrating the model for two year period with daily time step. The aquifer can be categorized as unconfined having good groundwater potential with aquifer transmissivity and specific yield ranging from 10 to 810 m2/day and 0.0008 to 0.0122 respectively. The model evaluation in terms of the accuracy is carried out bycomparingwith the measured data on seasonal basis.From this, the model is found to be scientifically sound for further management applications. The model so developed can be applied in predicting the saltwater intrusion in coastal aquifers for various developmental and climate change scenarios like sea level rise.
__label__0, Lung diseases are aggravated by exposure to diesel exhaust particles (DEPs) found in air pollution. Macrophages are thought to play a crucial role in lung immune response to these pollutants, even if the mechanisms involved remain incompletely characterized. In the present study, we demonstrated that classically and alternative human macrophages (MΦ) exhibited increased secretion of PDGF-B in response to DEP extract (DEPe). This occurred via aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR)-activation because DEPe-induced PDGF-B overexpression was abrogated after AhR expression knock-down by RNA interference, in both M1 and M2 polarizing MΦ. In addition, TCDD and benzo(a)pyrene, two potent AhR ligands, also significantly increased mRNA expression of PDGF-B in M1 MΦ, whereas some weak ligands of AhR did not. We next evaluated the impact of conditioned media (CM) from MΦ culture exposed to DEPe or of recombinant PDGF-B onto lung fibroblast proliferation. The tyrosine kinase inhibitor, AG-1295, prevents phosphorylations of PDGF-Rβ, AKT and ERK1/2 and the proliferation of MRC-5 fibroblasts induced by recombinant PDGF-B and by CM from M1 polarizing MΦ, strongly suggesting that the PDGF-BB secreted by DEPe-exposed MΦ is sufficient to activate the PDGF-Rβ pathway of human lung fibroblasts. In conclusion, we demonstrated that human MΦ, whatever their polarization status, secrete PDGF-B in response to DEPe and that PDGF-B is a target gene of AhR. Therefore, induction of PDGF-B by DEP may participate in the deleterious effects towards human health triggered by such environmental urban contaminants.
__label__0, This study characterized and evaluated photocatalytic efficiency of Fe-doped TiO2 (Fe–TiO2) nanocomposite thin films coated on side-glowing optical fibers (SOFs) for organic contaminant degradation. For the first time Fe–TiO2 thin films with mixed anatase and rutile phases were successfully grown on SOFs using polymer assisted hydrothermal deposition (PAHD) method. The photocatalyst films were characterized using transmission and scanning electron microscopes, energy-dispersive X-ray, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopes. The photocatalytic efficiencies of the catalysts coated SOFs were studied by the degradation of Rhodamine B as a representative organic contaminant. The results showed that 5% Fe–TiO2 thin films (Fe:TiO2 molar ratio), mixture of anatase and rutile phases, achieved the highest photocatalytic activity under the irradiation of ultraviolet (UV) and visible light. The coupled adsorption and photocatalytic oxidation of Rhodamine B by the SOFs coated with photocatalyst nanocomposite thin films followed the Langmuir–Hinshelwood kinetic model, and the apparent first-order rate constants achieved 0.50 h−1 and 0.33 h−1 under UV and visible light irradiation, respectively. Photocatalytic degradation efficiency was affected by pH and initial organic concentration. Reactivation and regeneration of the used catalysts, and long-term photoactivity testing of catalysts coated SOFs demonstrated the durability of synthesized photocatalysts for water treatment.
__label__0, This study reviews the literature on air cargo operations and compares theoretical studies with the practical problems of airlines, freight forwarders, and terminal service providers. In particular, we review studies in which mathematical models were used to identify the essential characteristics of air cargo operations, such as the intrinsic differences from passenger operations, and to explore the service processes in air cargo operations. The typical models used in previous studies are summarized. We then highlight the insightful findings from an industrial interview and present the gaps between previous research and practical realities. We finally discuss the new research opportunities of air cargo operations according to the gaps.
__label__0, Functional deficits following spinal cord injury (SCI) primarily attribute to loss of neural connectivity. We therefore tested if novel tissue engineering approaches could enable neural network repair that facilitates functional recovery after spinal cord transection (SCT). Rat bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), genetically engineered to overexpress TrkC, receptor of neurotrophin-3 (NT-3), were pre-differentiated into cells carrying neuronal features via co-culture with NT-3 overproducing Schwann cells in 3-dimensional gelatin sponge (GS) scaffold for 14 days in vitro. Intra-GS formation of MSC assemblies emulating neural network (MSC-GS) were verified morphologically via electron microscopy (EM) and functionally by whole-cell patch clamp recording of spontaneous post-synaptic currents. The differentiated MSCs still partially maintained prototypic property with the expression of some mesodermal cytokines. MSC-GS or GS was then grafted acutely into a 2 mm-wide transection gap in the T9-T10 spinal cord segments of adult rats. Eight weeks later, hindlimb function of the MSC-GS-treated SCT rats was significantly improved relative to controls receiving the GS or lesion only as indicated by BBB score. The MSC-GS transplantation also significantly recovered cortical motor evoked potential (CMEP). Histologically, MSC-derived neuron-like cells maintained their synapse-like structures in vivo; they additionally formed similar connections with host neurites (i.e., mostly serotonergic fibers plus a few corticospinal axons; validated by double-labeled immuno-EM). Moreover, motor cortex electrical stimulation triggered c-fos expression in the grafted and lumbar spinal cord cells of the treated rats only. Our data suggest that MSC-derived neuron-like cells resulting from NT-3-TrkC-induced differentiation can partially integrate into transected spinal cord and this strategy should be further investigated for reconstructing disrupted neural circuits.
__label__0, The increasing prevalence of immune-mediated adverse reactions to food represents a significant personal and societal burden. These reactions can manifest as a range of debilitating and life-threatening conditions. This chapter describes the main immune-mediated adverse reactions to food including IgE-mediated and non-IgE-mediated food allergies and coeliac disease. It considers the prevalence, immune mechanisms, presentation and management of these disorders along with novel therapeutic strategies being developed. The chapter discusses the breadth of research activity into all aspects of these reactions, from the mechanism and natural history, to diagnosis and new treatments. This research is increasing our understanding and leading to novel management strategies.
__label__0, Although Cu(In,Ga)Se2 (CIGS) solar cells have the highest efficiency of any thin-film solar cell, especially when sodium is incorporated, the fundamental device properties of ultrafast carrier transport and recombination in such cells remain not fully understood. Here, we explore the dynamics of charge carriers in CIGS absorber layers with varying concentrations of Na by femtosecond (fs) broadband pump-probe reflectance spectroscopy with 120 fs time resolution. By analyzing the time-resolved transient spectra in a different time domain, we show that a small amount of Na integrated by NaF deposition on top of sputtered Cu(In,Ga) prior to selenization forms CIGS, which induces slower recombination of the excited carriers. Here, we provide direct evidence for the elongation of carrier lifetimes by incorporating Na into CIGS.
__label__0, The transport of Nd(III) from nitric acid medium across emulsion liquid membrane (ELM) using di-nonyl phenyl phosphoric acid (DNPPA) as the carrier extractant and Span 80 (sorbitol monoleate) as the surfactant in Petrofin as the diluent and sulphuric acid as the internal phase has been systematically investigated. The effect of different physical and chemical parameters such as stirring speed, neodymium concentration, external phase nitric acid concentration, extractant concentration, external to internal phase volume ratio, stripping agent concentration has been investigated on the extraction of Nd(III). The synergistic extraction of the metal ion has also been studied using mixtures of DNPPA and tri-n-octylphenyl phosphine oxide (TOPO) as the carrier extractants in the ELM. Quantitative extraction (>97%) of Nd(III) was observed with 0.3 M DNPPA + 0.13 M TOPO and 1% (v/v) Span 80 liquid membrane at external to internal phase volume ratio of 10 for a feed having 500 mg/L Nd(III) at 0.5 M nitric acid concentration. The mechanism of extraction of Nd(III) has also been discussed in the light of the results obtained.
__label__0, Emiliania huxleyi is a haptophyte alga of uncertain phylogenetic affinity containing a secondarily derived, chlorophyll c containing plastid. We sought to characterize its relationships with other taxa by quantifying the bipartitions in which it was included from a group of single protein phylogenetic trees in a way that allowed for variation in taxonomic content and accounted for paralogous sequences. The largest number of sequences supported a phylogenetic relationship of E. huxleyi with the stramenopiles, in particular Aureococcus anophagefferens. Far fewer nuclear sequences gave strong support to the placement of this coccolithophorid with the cryptophyte, Guillardia theta. The majority of the sequences that did support this relationship did not have plastid related functions. These results suggest that the haptophytes may be more closely allied with the heterokonts than with the cryptophytes. Another small set of genes associated E. huxleyi with the Viridiplantae with high support. While these genes could have been acquired with a plastid, the lack of plastid related functions among the proteins for which they code and the lack of other organisms with chlorophyll c containing plastids within these bipartitions suggests other explanations may be possible. This study also identified several genes that may have been transferred from the haptophyte lineage to the dinoflagellates Karenia brevis and Karlodinium veneficum as a result of their haptophyte derived plastid, including some with non-photosynthetic functions.
__label__0, Two characteristics of nonwovens make them particularly suitable for use in an absorbent structure—high bulk for imbibing and holding large amount of fluid per unit mass of material and low cost of converting raw material into final product. Several other properties that have significant impact on the use of nonwovens in an absorbent fabric are disposability, comfort, and ease of fabrication of the absorbent product. The important role played by nonwoven materials in commercial absorbent structures has resulted in increased consumption of disposable nonwovens and absorbent products in the recent years. In discussing nonwovens, consideration must be given to the interrelationships of the four major structural elements that influence absorbency—(1) constituent fiber, (2) assembly structure; the web properties resulting from the nature of the fiber assemblage, (3) type of bonding; the chemical or mechanical means of conveying integrity to the fibrous web, and (4) finish; chemical and/or mechanical treatments conveyed to the formed and bonded web. Each of these factors can have an effect on the absorbency of the resulting structure. The wetlaid or wet form nonwoven process is derived from the paper industry and bears a considerable resemblance to the normal Fordrinier paper manufacturing process.
__label__0, Full zirconia crowns have recently been used for dental restorations because of their mechanical properties. However, there is little information about their wear characteristics against enamel, gold, and full zirconia crowns.
__label__0, Most studies regarding the neuroanatomy and neurophysiology of molluscan ctenidia have focused on isolated ctenidial tissue preparations. This study investigated how bivalve molluscs modulate their feeding rates by examining the effects of a variety of neurotransmitters, including serotonin, dopamine, and the dopamine agonist apomorphine on both isolated ctenidial tissue and in intact members of two commercially important bivalve species: the blue mussel, Mytilus edulis; and the bay scallop Argopecten irradians. In particular, we examined the effect of changes in: 1) beat of the lateral cilia (in vitro), 2) distance between ctenidial filaments and/or plicae (in vivo), and 3) diameter of the siphonal openings (in vivo) on alteration of bulk water flow through the mantle cavity. Important differences were found between isolated tissue and whole animals, and between species. Drugs that stimulated ciliary beat in vitro did not increase water processing rate in vivo. None of the treatments increased water flow through the mantle cavity of intact animals. Results suggest that A. irradians was primarily modulating lateral ciliary activity, while M. edulis appeared to have a number of ways to control water processing activity, signifying that the two species may have different compensatory and regulatory mechanisms controlling feeding activity.
__label__0, Due to an increase in the understanding of molecular radiobiology, strategies for enhancing tumor radiosensitivity have begun to focus on targeting the molecules and processes that regulate cellular radioresponse. Toward this end, histone acetylation has begun to receive considerable attention as a potential target for radiosensitization. Histone acetylation, which is determined by the competing actions of histone acetylases (HATs) and histone deacetylases (HDACs), plays a role in regulating chromatin structure and gene expression—two parameters that have long been considered determinants of radioresponse. As a means of modifying histone acetylation status, considerable effort has been put into the development of inhibitors of HDAC activity, which is often aberrant in tumor cells. This has led to the generation of a relatively large number of structurally diverse compounds that inhibit HDAC activity and result in histone hyperacetylation, and importantly, are applicable to patient treatment. Whereas a number of these HDAC inhibitors have antitumor activity in preclinical cancer models when delivered as single agents, recent studies have indicated that these compounds also significantly enhance tumor cell radiosensitivity. A structurally diverse set of HDAC inhibitors have been shown to enhance the in vitro radiosensitivity of human tumor cell lines generated from a spectrum of solid tumors. Moreover, HDAC inhibitors increased the radiosensitivity of human tumor xenografts. Although the mechanism responsible for this radiosensitization has not been definitely elucidated, data suggest that inhibiting the repair of radiation‐induced DNA damage may be involved. Whereas HDAC inhibitors are currently in clinical trials as single modalities and in combination with chemotherapeutic agents, recent results suggest that these compounds may also enhance the antitumor effectiveness of radiotherapy.
__label__0, As an autoimmune disease, Graves' disease (GD) is associated with many genetic and environmental risk factors. Although the exact mechanism remains unclear, epigenetic determinants, such as DNA methylation, are thought to contribute to the pathogenesis of GD. Here, we for the first time reported the DNA methylation pattern in GD through a high-throughput analysis. In order to investigate genome-wide DNA methylation profile of GD, methyl-DNA immunoprecipitation (MeDIP) and Nimblegen human DNA methylation 3 × 720 K promoter plus CpG island microarrays were used to identify differentially methylated regions (DMRs) from blood samples in GD patients. Quantitative methylation-specific PCR (qMSP) was used to validate the methylation state of candidate genes. Transcription level of each gene was estimated by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). A total of 132 hypermethylated and 133 hypomethylated regions were identified in GD. The methylation of ICAM1 in GD patients and normal controls was significantly different (p < 0.05). In the female group, significantly decreased methylation was observed in GD patients compared with normal controls (p < 0.05). The transcription of ICAM1 at the mRNA level was significantly higher in GD patients compared with normal controls (p < 0.05). Besides, the transcription of DNMT1 and MECP2 at the mRNA level was significantly decreased in GD patients compared with normal controls (p < 0.05). Our findings revealed that the DNA methylation pattern in GD was distinct from that of controls. These results provided new molecular insights into the pathogenesis of GD.
__label__0, Low molecular weight heparins (LMWHs) have risen in popularity over the past decades. Owing to their appropriate pharmacokinetic profile, they enable long-term clinical applications, e.g. prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis. Although the administration of LMWHs is not as frequent as of heparin, it still requires once daily injection at least. In order to prolong LMWH release, and thus provide less frequent subcutaneous administration, we designed and thoroughly evaluated thermoresponsive poloxamer-based systems combined with LMWH/chitosan pH-responsive nanocomplexes. A LMWH/chitosan mass ratio of 1:2 was the most appropriate for preparation of small, homogenous and stable nanocomplexes. Thermoresponsive hydrogels were examined by gelation temperature and time, thermal analysis, gel dissolution, LMWH release, and cytotoxicity in vitro. Hydrogels’ behaviour was significantly shifted by gel composition e.g. the addition of hydroxypropylmethylcellulose to poloxamer-based systems decreased gelation temperature and time (from 28.6 °C to 25.1 °C and from 50 s to 44 s, respectively), but prolonged gel dissolution and LMWH release (7 and 4 days, respectively). Prolongation of drug release was additionally achieved with incorporation of LMWH/chitosan nanocomplexes into the gelling systems. As formulations demonstrated no cytotoxicity in vitro, it may be concluded that these double-responsive platforms are promising candidates for prolonged subcutaneous LMWH delivery during long-term treatment.
__label__0, Poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG)–protein therapeutics exhibit enhanced pharmacokinetics, but have drawbacks including decreased protein activities and polymer accumulation in the body. Therefore a major aim for second-generation polymer therapeutics is to introduce degradability into the backbone. Herein we describe the synthesis of poly(poly(ethylene glycol methyl ether methacrylate)) (pPEGMA) degradable polymers with protein-reactive end-groups via reversible addition–fragmentation chain transfer (RAFT) polymerization, and the subsequent covalent attachment to lysozyme through a reducible disulfide linkage. RAFT copolymerization of cyclic ketene acetal (CKA) monomer 5,6-benzo-2-methylene-1,3-dioxepane (BMDO) with PEGMA yielded two polymers with number-average molecular weight (Mn) (GPC) of 10.9 and 20.9 kDa and molecular weight dispersities (Đ) of 1.34 and 1.71, respectively. Hydrolytic degradation of the polymers was analyzed by 1H NMR and GPC under basic and acidic conditions. The reversible covalent attachment of these polymers to lysozyme, as well as the hydrolytic and reductive cleavage of the polymer from the protein, was analyzed by gel electrophoresis and mass spectrometry. Following reductive cleavage of the polymer, an increase in activity was observed for both conjugates, with the released protein having full activity. This represents a method to prepare PEGylated proteins, where the polymer is readily cleaved from the protein and the main chain of the polymer is degradable.
__label__0, Insect herbivores can attack both the vegetative and reproductive structures of plants in a variety of ways such as defoliating, sap feeding, stem boring, leaf mining, gall forming, flower and seed feeding, and root feeding. This chapter discusses insect herbivory below ground. The organisms feeding on below-ground plant structures are either different species, or different stages in the life-history of species, to those feeding above ground. Below-ground herbivory is mainly found in the rodents, nematodes, molluscs, and insects. Of these groups, herbivory by nematodes is most widely documented. Nematodes exhibit very similar adaptations to insects for life in the soil and there are parallels among them in terms of their effects on plant physiology and growth. The paucity of ecological studies of below-ground herbivory most likely stems from difficulties with sampling and taxonomy of the causal agents and in assessing the extent of damage. Below-ground herbivory can influence the full complement of parameters affected by the feeding activities of herbivores above ground.
__label__0, We show that it is possible to generate laser oscillation and two-mode entanglement via atomic coherence in a four-level tripod atomic system. On two-photon resonance, two coherent fields induce the decoupling of a coherent superposition state of two lower states, which leads to quantum beat between the cavity modes. In terms of the dressed states produced by the two coherent fields, the system is reduced to a standard electromagnetically induced transparency (EIT) configuration when the detunings of the applied fields are properly adjusted. Laser frequencies locate at a pair of Rabi sidebands and light amplification is supported by coherent coupling between one of the dressed states and an auxiliary metastable state. The laser transition, the coherent coupling, and the spontaneous decay constitute a successive population transfer pathway, through which the laser electron is regularly recycled. It is for the very mechanism that the laser oscillates and exhibits two-mode entanglement. This provides an alternative scheme as an active and bright source of two-mode entangled light.
__label__0, Central, standard, and Christoffel words are three strongly interrelated classes of binary finite words which represent a finite counterpart to characteristic Sturmian words. A natural arithmetization of the theory is obtained by representing central and Christoffel words by irreducible fractions labeling, respectively, two binary trees, the Raney (or Calkin–Wilf) tree and the Stern–Brocot tree. The sequence of denominators of the fractions in the Raney tree is the famous Stern diatomic numerical sequence. An interpretation of the terms s ( n ) of Stern's sequence as lengths of Christoffel words when n is odd, and as minimal periods of central words when n is even, allows one to interpret several results on Christoffel and central words in terms of Stern's sequence and, conversely, to obtain new insight into the combinatorics of Christoffel and central words. One of our main results is a non-commutative version of the “alternating bit sets theorem” by Calkin and Wilf. We also study the length distribution of Christoffel words corresponding to nodes of equal height in the tree, obtaining some interesting bounds and inequalities.
__label__0, Une augmentation du débit cardiaque et des altérations de l’activité autonome cardio-vasculaire ont été mises en évidence chez l’obèse. L’intolérance au glucose serait associée à des altérations autonomes plus marquées. Le but était de comparer ces paramètres chez des obèses normotolérants ou intolérants au glucose (NGT ou IGT).
__label__0, In situ observation of the microscopic structural changes in high-density polyethylene during hot drawing was performed by incorporating a temperature-controlled tensile machine into a Raman spectroscopy apparatus. It was found that the load sharing and molecular orientation during elongation drastically changed at 50°C. The microscopic stress of the crystalline chains decreased with increasing temperature and diminished around 50°C. Moreover, the orientation of the crystalline chains was greatly promoted above 50°C. These microscopic structural changes were caused by the thermal activation of the molecular motion within lamellar crystalline chains owing to the onset of relaxation of the crystalline phase.
__label__0, Researchers have documented the use of analogies by teachers when introducing mathematical concepts. This article asks the question what linguistic resources do teachers use to create analogies? The article applies systemic functional linguistics to examine examples in which a geometry teacher used analogies to connect daily life instances and mathematical ideas. Specifically, the method applies cohesion analysis to examine the teacher's use of lexical cohesion, conjunctions, and reported speech in the creation of analogies. The teacher created a parallel structure between the target and base of the analogies. The study demonstrates how linguistic analysis can be useful for researchers studying how teachers construct the mathematical classroom register through analogies, particularly when connecting colloquial and mathematics discourses.
__label__0, A novel variant of the level set method is introduced for dynamic X-ray tomography. The target is allowed to change in time while being imaged by one or several source–detector pairs at a relatively high frame-rate. The algorithmic approach is motivated by the results in [22], showing that the modified level set method can tolerate highly incomplete projection data in stationary tomography. Furthermore, defining the level set function in spacetime enforces temporal continuity in the dynamic tomography context considered here. The tomographic reconstruction is found as a minimizer of a nonlinear functional. The functional contains a regularization term penalizing the L 2 norms of up to n derivatives of the reconstruction. The case n = 1 is shown to be equivalent to a convex Tikhonov problem that has a unique minimizer. For n ≥ 2 the existence of a minimizer is proved under certain assumptions on the signal-to-noise ratio and the size of the regularization parameter. Numerical examples with both simulated and measured dynamic X-ray data are included, and the proposed method is found to yield reconstructions superior to standard methods such as FBP or non-negativity constrained Tikhonov regularization and favorably comparable to those of total variation regularization. Furthermore, the methodology can be adapted to a wide range of measurement arrangements with one or more X-ray sources.
__label__0, The aim of this paper is to define the blancher-freezer combination best fitting with the preservation treatment of a specific food. The proposed approach in decision making is based on the data envelopment analysis (DEA). Through the Cross efficiency evaluation, each decision making unit (DMU) is both self-evaluated and also evaluated via the other DMUs. Cross efficiency provides an efficiency ordering among all the DMUs, with a high discrimination power, avoiding potentially unrealistic weighting schemes. The efficiency, used for ranking and selecting the systems, is a function of the used resources (input values) and the resulting outcomes of each DMUs activity (output values). An interdisciplinary working group defined the proper set of input and output. As concern the blanching process, the selected input parameters are electric power consumption, steam consumption, water consumption, wastewaters, Biochemical Oxygen Demand and Peroxidase; the selected output parameters are residual Vitamin C and plant throughput. As concern the freezing process, the selected input parameters are electric power consumption, freezing capacity, dehydration and freezing time; the selected output parameter is the plant throughput. The proposed approach can be implemented to establish the ideal blancher/freezer selection also in the event of the need to include into selection other parameters or other food treatment systems.
__label__0, A state-dependent method to model contact nonlinearities in rolling contacts is proposed. By pre-calculation of contact stiffness and contact filters as functions of vertical relative displacement, a computationally efficient modelling approach based on a moving point force description is developed. Simulations using the state-dependent model have been analysed by comparison with measurements. Results from the investigated case – consisting of a steel ball rolling over a steel beam having two different degrees of roughness – show good agreement between nonlinear simulations and measured beam vibrations. The promising results obtained with the proposed method are potentially applicable to wheel–rail interaction and rolling element bearings.
__label__0, Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), which are formed in β-lactoglobulin (β-lg) glycation systems via the Maillard reaction, have been implicated in diabetes-related long-term complications. In the present study, we found that reaction conditions, including temperature, time, pH, reactant type and molar ratio of beta-lg to a sugar/MGO/GO, can significantly affect the formation of AGEs. Using SDS–PAGE, we further demonstrated that genistein, a natural isoflavone found in a number of plants including soybeans and kudzu, can efficiently inhibit cross-links of the glycated β-lg, and suppress the formation AGEs in a dose-dependent manner by trapping reactive dicarbonyl compounds. The products formed from genistein and methylglyoxal (MGO) in the β-lg–MGO assay were analyzed using LC/MS. Both mono-MGO and di-MGO adducts of genistein were detected with this method.
__label__0, A comprehensive experimental evaluation of three-dimensional woven carbon composites arranged in various bolted bearing configurations is presented in this paper. Three unique three-dimensional woven fiber architectures were evaluated in single-bolt single-shear and double-shear configurations; two ply to ply angle interlock woven architectures were examined alongside an orthogonal woven architecture. All fiber architectures were woven with IM7 carbon in 12K and 24K tow sizes. To further enhance the understanding of these bolted connections, single-shear bolted joints were subjected to seven different loading orientations between the orthogonal warp and weft directions. Failure modes and fracture paths are analyzed and discussed for both single and double-shear experiments. Bearing strengths and stiffnesses for both single-shear and double-shear configurations were calculated and compared. Experimental results show that composites with three-dimensional woven fiber reinforcement exhibit exceptional strength when subjected to off-axis bearing loads despite the lack of off-axis reinforcement.
__label__0, Tournaments are designed to enhance participants’ effort and productivity. However, ranking near the top may increase psychological pressure and reduce performance. We empirically study the impact of interim rank on performance using data from international diving tournaments. We find that competitors systematically underperform when ranked closer to the top, despite higher incentives to perform well.
__label__0, Plasma levels of adrenomedullin (AM), an anti-inflammatory, vasodilatory peptide hormone, are physiologically elevated during a healthy pregnancy, but it is uncertain whether these levels are altered during complications of pregnancy like preeclampsia. A byproduct of the preprohormone of AM, midregional pro-adrenomedullin (MR-proADM), is produced in a one-to-one ratio with mature AM and can be measured as a surrogate analyte for AM. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis that MR-proADM can serve as a biomarker for preeclampsia.
__label__0, This chapter aims to describe the properties of the inference methods based on pseudo-likelihood functions. There are three kinds of situations in which a pseudo-likelihood approach can be advocated. In the first situation one is prepared to make assumptions about some conditional moments of the endogenous variables given the exogenous variables, but not on the whole conditional distribution. The second context in which the pseudo-likelihood approach is useful is the parametric situation where a likelihood function is available but numerically untractable. The third situation in which the pseudo-likelihood techniques are relevant is the non-nested hypotheses context. In this case there are two possible parametric models and an important point is the asymptotic behavior of the pseudo-maximum likelihood estimator of the parameter of one model when the true probability distribution belongs to the other model of the parameter of one model evaluated at the maximum likelihood estimator of the other model. These statistics are useful either for testing procedures or for model selection. The chapter discusses the pseudo-likelihood methods, the pseudo-maximum likelihood (PML) methods adapted for the mean (PML1), pseudo-likelihood methods which are adapted for the first two moments (PML2), the role of PML methods for testing non-nested hypotheses, and the problem of hypothesis testing in the PML context.
__label__0, This chapter explains the geomorphology and sedimentology of estuaries. Geomorphology is concerned with the study of earth-surface forms and with their evolution in time and space because of the physicochemical and biological factors acting on them. Most of the evolution is the product of a cyclic process based on erosion transport-deposition of sediment particles. In particular, the coastal environments are subjected to the most energetic conditions on the earth surface. Estuaries are one of the most important coastal features subject to strong processes that fully cover the space-temporal scale. Nevertheless spatial and time scales may range from few seconds and centimeters to centuries and thousands of kilometers. Although the number of examples of estuaries observed in the geological record is small, there are increasing evidences that these estuaries were a common feature of the planet. It is only a matter of common sense to accept this concept, because river and sea have interacted from the Precambrian period to the present. Nevertheless, within the estuaries the dynamical processes are rather strong and impose a remarkable stress over the biota, either permanent or temporary, the morphology, and the civil works.
__label__0, The concept of “service” has been characterized in different disciplines and by different authors from various points of view. This variety of characterizations has emerged because although this notion seems intuitive, it is far from trivial, with many interrelated perspectives. Given their importance in enterprise computing and Service Science in general, we believe that a clear account of services and service-related concepts is necessary and would serve as a basis for communication, consensus and alignment among approaches and perspectives. In this paper we propose a commitment-based account of the notion of service captured in a core reference ontology called UFO-S. We address the commitments established between service providers and customers, and show how such commitments affect the service lifecycle. Moreover, we show that the commitment-based account can serve to harmonize different notions of service in the literature.
__label__0, This paper presents an experimental investigation on the web-crippling behavior in glass fiber reinforced polymer (GFRP) pultruded profiles with rectangular hollow section. There is evidence that GFRP pultruded profiles are particularly susceptible to transverse compressive loads, owing to the much lower mechanical properties in the direction transverse to the pultrusion axis. Although very relevant, the understanding about the web-crippling behavior in GFRP pultruded profiles is still very limited, as attested by the lack of information available in design codes and guidelines. End-two-flange (ETF) and interior-two-flange (ITF) loading conditions were adopted, with specimens seated on a bearing plate. Specimens were also placed on the ground with end (EG) or interior (IG) bearing load to simulate the loading conditions of floor joist members. The effects of the loading positions (end loading or interior loading) as well as the supporting conditions (on a bearing plate or on the ground) on the web crippling behavior are discussed. In addition, tests were performed with three different bearing lengths: 50 mm, 100 mm and 150 mm. Finite element models were developed to numerically simulate the tests performed in the experimental investigations in the terms of ultimate loads and failure modes. Based on the results of the parametric study, a number of design formulas proposed in this paper can be successfully employed as a design rule for predicting web crippling ultimate capacity of pultruded GFRP rectangular hollow sections under four loading and boundary conditions.
__label__0, The popularity of chocolate as food around the world combined with high level of health-related awareness of the contemporary consumer, imposed the idea of enriching composition of different kinds of chocolate with probiotic bacterial strains. In this study, two strains of probiotic bacteria, Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM® and Bifidobacterium lactis HN019, were incorporated in milk and dark chocolate. Final products were kept at two temperatures (4 °C and 20 °C) at which viability of added strains was monitored with the aim of determining the recommended storage temperature. In order to determine the effects of probiotics an examination of their sensory and rheological properties was carried out immediately after production (0–30 days) and during storage of 90 and 180 days. Based on the obtained results it can be seen that the probiotic strain L. acidophilus NCFM® exerted higher viability compared to strain B. lactis HN019 in both kinds of chocolates, while a greater number of cells of both strains was determined at 4 °C. The increase in yield stress of chocolates with probiotics with larger granulation was observed, while the apparent and plastic viscosity did not experience major changes. Despite the occasionally noticed sandiness, sensory properties of chocolates were not significantly changed during storage.
__label__0, The performance of container terminals needs to be improved to adapt the growth of containers while maintaining sustainability. This paper provides a methodology for determining the trajectory of interacting machines that transport containers between the quayside area and the stacking area in an automated container terminal. The behaviors of the interacting machines are modeled as a combination of discrete-event dynamics and continuous-time dynamics. An event-driven receding horizon controller (RHC) is proposed for achieving energy efficient container handling. The underlying control problems are hereby formulated as a collection of small optimization problems that are solved in a receding horizon way. Simulation studies illustrate that energy consumption of container handling can indeed be reduced by the proposed methodology. Moreover, an assessment is made of performance of the proposed RHC controller under different types of uncertainties.
__label__0, The levelised cost of energy takes into account the lifetime generated energy and the costs associated with a project. The objective of this work is to investigate the effects of device interactions on the energy output and, therefore, on the levelised cost of energy of a tidal stream project, by means of numerical modelling. For this purpose, a case study is considered: Lynmouth (North Devon, UK), an area in the Bristol Channel in which the first tidal stream turbine was installed − a testimony of its potential as a tidal energy site. A state-of-the-art hydrodynamics model is implemented on a high-resolution computational grid, which allows the demarcation of the individual devices. The modification to the energy output resulting from interaction between turbines within the tidal farm is thus resolved for each individual turbine. The results indicate that significant changes in the levelised cost of energy values, of up to £0.221 kW h−1, occur due to the aforementioned modifications, which should not be disregarded if the cost of tidal stream energy is to be minimised.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the biological effects of mercuric chloride, nickel sulphate, and nickel chloride. Mercuric chloride, nickel sulphate, and nickel chloride are water-soluble salts. The present knowledge of these compounds regarding metabolism, chemical interactions, and biological effects on different tissues is reviewed. Mercuric chloride has been a popular antiseptic and disinfectant. The handling of mercuric salts in the chemical industry may result in exposure to aerosols of inorganic mercury. Mercuric chloride is a potent nephrotoxicant in the adult rat but has little effect on the newborn. There are significant maturational changes in the organ, cellular, and subcellular distribution of mercury during the first four weeks after birth. The major contribution to ambient nickel originates from the combustion of fossil fuels; one of the predominant forms in air is nickel sulphate. In electroplating shops and electrorefining plants, workers are exposed to the aerosols of dissolved nickel salts; electroplating using nickel sulphate accounts for about 20% of the nickel produced. No nickel-requiring enzymes or proteins are known in vertebrates, although biological roles of nickel enzymes and cofactors have been found in plants and bacteria. Although the role of nickel in human physiology has not been confirmed directly, the evidence strongly suggests that nickel is required by humans.
__label__0, This experiment evaluated whether isolating certain muscles from the chuck for retail sale and excluding them from ground beef mix changes the number of days that ground chuck is acceptable to consumers. Chucks were harvested from twenty-four beef steers, and were allocated to either traditional or innovative fabrication methods. Resulting ground beef patties were stored in retail simulation conditions for 7 days to determine color and oxidative stability. Raw patties were analyzed for thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), oxymyoglobin concentration, objective color by Minolta Chromameter, and by a trained sensory panel for odor, color and percent discoloration. No differences (P > 0.05) were observed between traditional and innovative style patties for TBARS, sensory odor or color, or oxymyoglobin concentration. Minolta Chromameter readings revealed more substantial fading (P < 0.05) in traditional patties compared with innovative style patties. This study demonstrated that removing certain muscles from the ground chuck mix does not cause detrimental consequences in resulting ground chuck patties.
__label__0, In this work the optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) properties of K2YF5 crystals doubly doped with Tb3+ and Sm3+ ions have been investigated for the first time. The OSL response of K2YF5 crystals containing different dopant concentrations under optical stimulation with different wavelengths has been analyzed. Dosimetric properties of the most efficient composition, namely, K2YF5:1.0 at% Tb3+;1.0 at% Sm3+, have been studied. Finally, the possible application of this single crystal to OSL dosimetry has been evaluated.
__label__0, Data from a variety of animal and cell culture model systems have demonstrated an interaction between the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR)‐ and retinoic acid (RA)‐signaling pathways. The AhR1 was originally identified as the receptor for the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon family of environmental contaminants; however, recent data indicate that the AhR binds to a variety of endogenous and exogenous compounds, including some synthetic retinoids. In addition, activation of the AhR pathway alters the function of nuclear hormone‐signaling pathways, including the estrogen, thyroid, and RA pathways. Activation of the AhR pathway through exposure to environmental compounds results in significant changes in RA synthesis, catabolism, transport, and excretion. Some effects on retinoid homeostasis mediated by the AhR pathway may result from the interactions of these two pathways at the level of activating or repressing the expression of specific genes. This chapter will review these two pathways, the evidence demonstrating a link between them, and the data indicating the molecular basis of the interactions between these two pathways.
__label__0, Chromatography using the Dowex 1 column plays an important part in the analysis or preparative method of the study of nucleic acid. Chromatography that uses liquid for migration phase, generally, takes a comparatively long time and it is rather troublesome to determine each fraction collected by the fraction collector. A method of automatic nucleic acid analysis, which separates and analyzes nitrogenous bases, nucleosides, and nucleotides using one Dowex 1-X8-resin column, with an eluting solution of acetate buffer at pH 4.4 within 24 hours, with a linear gradient system is reported. Many instruments determine the absorbency of only one wavelength selecting 2537 A with a filter, and with a mercury lamp as a light source. Before using chromatography, the column temperature is adjusted to 35°, and the column is equilibrated by eluting about 300 ml of 0.1 N acetate buffers at pH 4.4. When the chromatography is finished, the column used is washed by the elution of 3 M acetate buffer (pH 4.4). If no peak is eluted further, the column may be used for new chromatography after the equilibration by 0.1 N acetate buffer pH 4.4. It is desirable to use two columns alternatively for a recording system.
__label__0, Enhancement of the cell performance in the passive direct methanol fuel cell (DMFC) can be achieved by using different types of current collectors. This paper is an attempt to conduct a review of the experimental studies on the current collectors of passive DMFC. Key issues such as shape of the current collectors and materials of the current collectors of passive DMFC have been analyzed in detail. Design parameters of the current collectors for passive DMFC have also been discussed. Several novel current collectors of passive DMFC have been identified and reviewed in detail.
__label__0, This paper investigates the coordinated cruise control strategy for multiple high-speed trains’ movement. The motion of an ordered set of high-speed trains running on a railway line is modeled by a multi-agent system, in which each train communicates with its neighboring trains to adjust its speed. By using the potential fields and LaSalles invariance principle, we design a new coordinated cruise control strategy for each train based on the neighboring trains’ information, under which each train can track the desired speed, and the headway distances between any two neighboring trains are stabilized in a safety range. Numerical examples are given to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.
__label__0, This chapter discusses electron–phonon and phonon–phonon interactions and nonequilibrium electron distributions in wurtzite gallium nitride (GaN) by using subpicosecond time-resolved Raman spectroscopy. Electronics based upon the existing semiconductor device technologies of silicon and gallium arsenide (GaAs) cannot tolerate elevated temperatures or chemically hostile environments. The wide band-gap semiconductors with their thermal conductivities, large breakdown fields, and resistance to chemical corrosion can be the materials of choice for these applications. Among the wide band-gap semiconductors, the III–V nitrides are very promising semiconductor systems for device applications in the blue and ultraviolet wavelengths. Knowledge of both carrier and phonon dynamical properties is indispensable for device engineers to design better and faster devices. To enhance the speed of devices based on these nitride materials, novel transient transport properties must be used such as electron velocity overshoot and ballistic electron transport in the case of GaAs and indium phosphide (InP).
__label__0, Recently, we have reported that CD8α+ DCs, rather than CD8+ T cells, are involved in the establishment and maintenance of HSV-1 latency in the trigeminal ganglia (TG) of ocularly infected mice. In the current study, we investigated whether similar results can be obtained using Batf3−/− mice that previously were reported to lack CD8α+ DCs. However, our results demonstrate that Batf3−/− mice, without any known infection, express CD8α+ DCs. Consequently, due to the presence of CD8α+ DCs, no differences were detected in the level of HSV-1 latency between Batf3−/− mice compared with wild type control mice.
__label__0, This study deals with the compensation of gravity loads in parallel kinematics machines as a possible strategy for enhancing their working performance. In particular, the paper focuses on the static balancing of the Orthoglide 5-axis, a prototypal parallel robot with Linear-Delta architecture for machining operation. Gravity compensation is analytically carried out and a feasible design, based on tension springs and a simple additional linkage, is presented to implement the proposed strategy. Simulation results prove that the balancing device may provide an appreciable enhancement of the mechanism energy efficiency.
__label__0, Graphene supported porous Si@C ternary composites had been synthesized by various routes and their structural, morphological and electrochemical properties were investigated. Porous Si spheres coated with carbon layer and supported by graphene have been designed to form a 3D carbon conductive network. Used as anode materials for lithium ion batteries, graphene supported porous Si@C ternary composites demonstrate excellent electrochemical performance and cycling stability. The first discharge capacity is 2184.7 mA h/g at a high current density of 300 mA/g. After 50 cycles, the reversible capacity is 652.4 mA h/g at a current density of 300 mA/g and the coulomb efficiency reaches at 98.7%. Due to their excellent electrochemical properties, graphene supported porous Si@C ternary composites can be a kind of promising anode materials for lithium ion batteries.
__label__0, Four new oleanane-type triterpenoid saponins, schefflesides I–L (1–4), were isolated from the aerial parts of Schefflera kwangsiensis. Their structures were established as oleanolic acid 3-O-β-d-glucopyranosyl (1 → 2) [α-l-arabinopyranosyl (1 → 4)]-β-d-(6-O-methyl) glucuronopyranoside (1), 22α-hydroxyoleanolic acid 3-O-α-l-arabinopyranosyl (1 → 4)-β-d-glucuronopyranoside (2), hederagenin 3-O-α-l-arabinopyranosyl (1 → 4)-β-d-glucuronopyranoside (3) and oleanolic acid 28-O-β-d-glucopyranosyl (1 → 2)-β-d-glucuronopyranosyl ester (4) by spectroscopic analyses (HRESIMS, 1D and 2D NMR) and chemical methods.
__label__0, A comprehensive review is given of uncertainty and sensitivity methods as they are applied to atmospheric transport and dispersion models, including an example of a recent Monte Carlo (MC) uncertainty study involving simulations of air toxics by the dispersion models AERMOD and ISC. The four components of uncertainty are described and set of definitions given for a variety of the more widely used uncertainty and sensitivity options. The special needs of atmospheric models are distinguished from the procedures followed for general environmental or health risk models. Examples of the use of ensembles to estimate the uncertainty of linked meteorological and dispersion models are given.
__label__0, L’amélioration des aptitudes physiques des personnes atteintes d’obésité et/ou du syndrome métabolique apparaît être une bonne alternative pour éviter les pathologies chroniques. L’objectif de cette étude était d’étudier l’association entre la capacité aérobie mesurée par un Test de Marche de 6 minutes (TM6) et les critères du syndrome métabolique chez des adolescents en surcharge pondérale de la ville de Sfax
__label__0, Observational studies have shown that attentional bias for smoking-related cues is associated with increased craving and relapse. Laboratory experiments have shown that manipulating attentional bias may change craving. Interventions to reduce attentional bias could reduce relapse in smokers seeking to quit. We report a clinical trial of attentional retraining in treatment-seeking smokers.
__label__0, Premature mortality is a public health concern that can be quantified as years of potential life lost (YPLL). Studying premature mortality from in-hospital mortality can help guide hospital initiatives and resource allocation. This paper identified the diagnosis categories associated with in-hospital deaths that account for the highest YPLL and their trends over time.
__label__0, Given the harsh operating conditions in hydrogen/oxygen fuel cells, the stability of catalysts is one of the critical questions affecting their commercialization. We describe a distinct class of oxygen reduction (ORR) core–shell electrocatalysts comprised of nitride metal cores enclosed by thin Pt shells that is easily synthesized. The synthesis is reproducible and amenable to scale up. Our theoretical analysis and the experimental data indicate that metal nitride nanoparticle cores could significantly enhance the ORR activity as well as the durability of the core–shell catalysts as a consequence of combined geometrical, electronic and segregation effects on the Pt shells. In addition to its fuel cells application, this class of catalysts holds promise to significantly contribute in resolving the problem of platinum scarcity and furthermore indicates the guidelines for future research and development.
__label__0, Paclitaxel (taxol) is a diterpenoid anticancer drug with a new mechanism of cytostatic action. It is under investigation in clinical trials for treatment of various types of human cancer. A major difficulty in developing paclitaxel as a chemotherapeutic agent is its poor water solubility. In order to improve the bioavailability of paclitaxel, novel vehicle systems such as mixed micelles or liposome-based formulations are being developed. In this study we determined the partition coefficient of paclitaxel partitioning into small unilamellar lipid vesicles composed of 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine using two different methods, namely high-sensitivity titration calorimetry and fluorescence spectroscopy. We measured a partition coefficient of Kp ≈ 9500 M−1, a partition enthalpy of ΔH = −25 ±3 kcal mol−1 and a free energy of binding of ΔG = −7.9 kcal mol−1. The binding reaction is enthalpy-driven, which can be explained by van der Waals interactions between the hydrophobic drug and the hydrophobic region of the lipid bilayer. The large ΔH value leads to a strong temperature dependence of the partition equilibrium. A temperature increase of 10 °C reduces the paclitaxel solubility in the lipid phase by a factor of 4.
__label__0, The surface energies of four sulfonamides have been assessed from contact angle data, using the Lewis acid–base approach. From these data the free energy of adhesion between the drugs and sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) head groups and tails has been calculated. The most favored interaction was for adhesion to the SDS tails, rather than the head groups. The initial rotating disk dissolution rate (hereafter termed dissolution rate) of drug compacts has been measured in water and water with SDS micelles at a range of temperatures. The thermodynamic parameters of activation have been calculated from the rate data. Linear relationships exist between the enthalpy of transfer between water and SDS micelles and the free energy of adhesion between the drugs and both SDS head groups and SDS tails. The most nonpolar drugs had the most favored free energy of adhesion and the most favored enthalpy of transfer. The most polar drug had a disfavoured free energy of adhesion to the SDS head and a disfavoured enthalpy of transfer. This response demonstrates that the most important barrier to the passage from the aqueous fluid to the hydrophobic core of the micelle is the monopolar repulsion between the polar forces of the drug and head group surface energies. This provides a new insight into a possible mechanism of solubilization and offers the prospect of understanding even more complex partitioning behavior.
__label__0, The dissolution rate of a solid drug from the gastrointestinal (GI) tract is affected by the properties and flow dynamics of the liquid medium surrounding the tablet, as well as by the chemical nature of the drug. In this study, naproxen was used as a poorly soluble model drug. The dissolution medium was buffered with acetate, citrate, or phosphate buffer of varied concentrations and pH. GI flow conditions around a stationary tablet were simulated in a laminar flow device by anchoring the tablet on the floor of its channel having a rectangular cross section. Fresh, buffered solution was passed across the tablet and the effluent was collected for analysis and calculation of the dissolution rate. The dissolution rate was found to vary nonlinearly with the exposed tablet height, reaching a maximum at a tablet height approximately half the channel height. This maximum rate was attributed to an optimal combination of (1) eddy mixing and local turbulence generated by the flow impingement on the bluff object (tablet) and (2) the exposed tablet surface area available for dissolution. This effect was further confirmed by using dye-enhanced visual analysis of flow patterns at varied flow rates and exposed tablet heights. Elevation of the tablet to approximately the channel half-height significantly magnified the dissolution rate increase observed on exposure to buffered medium. Thus, tablet height and exposed surface area are major factors in determining dissolution rate, especially in conditions where the dissolving species reacts with the solvent. These results suggest that standard in vitro dissolution rate methods do not qualitatively indicate incremental changes in rate with altered tablet geometry or dissolution medium.
__label__0, The objective of this study was to extend our understanding of the stability of heparin. Sodium heparin, derived from porcine intestinal mucosa, was first incubated in 0.1 N hydrochloric acid and 0.1 N sodium hydroxide at 30 and 60 °C and sampled at times ranging from 0 to 1000 h. The absorbance spectra of the products formed under basic conditions showed an ultraviolet maxima at 232 nm associated with chemically catalyzed β-elimination at the uronic acid residues. The products formed under acidic conditions showed a decreased staining intensity consistent with desulfation and a decrease in molecular weight corresponding to hydrolysis of glycosidic linkages when analyzed by gradient polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Heparin samples were next prepared in 10 mM sodium phosphate buffer at pH 7.0 in sealed ampules that had been flushed with nitrogen and incubated at 100 °C. Samples taken at times ranging from 0 to 4000 h were then analyzed. Heparin was relatively stable over the first 500 h, after which it rapidly degraded. Heparin, assayed using both anti-factor Xa and anti-factor IIa amidolytic methods retained 80–90% of its activity over the first 500 h, but these activities dropped precipitously, to ∼6% and to ∼0.5% of the initial activity at 1000 h and 2000 h, respectively. This rapid decomposition began only after the buffering capacity of the solution was overwhelmed by acidic degradants, which caused the pH to decrease. Decomposition processes observed under these conditions included the endolytic hydrolysis of glycosidic linkages and loss of sulfation, particularly N-sulfate groups, and were similar to the degradation processes observed in 0.1 N hydrochloric acid. This study provides initial observations on heparin degradation pathways. More complete, quantitative studies and studies leading to the isolation and characterization of specific degradants are still required.
__label__0, Cam-2445 is a selective, high-affinity NK1 receptor antagonist that is a potentially useful treatment for arthritis, asthma, migraine, anxiety, psychosis, and emesis. Cam-2445 exhibits low aqueous solubility and high lipophilicity and has a molecular weight of 470. Cam-2445 has poor oral bioavailability and the purpose of this research was to examine the potential barriers to the oral bioavailability of Cam-2445. Cam-2445 was relatively stable at 37 °C in 0.1 N HCl, 5 μM α-chymotrypsin, rat intestinal perfusate, and in rat jejunal brush border membrane suspension. High permeability was observed from CACO-2 cells and from rat single-pass intestinal perfusions. Cam-2445 was administered as a solution to rats by intravenous (iv), oral (po), intraduodenal (id.), and intraportal (ipv) routes. The total oral bioavailability was poor at 1.4%. Absorption appeared to be rapid after id. dosing; bioavailability was 26%, and 54% of the dose was absorbed intact into the portal system. After ipv dosing, 48% of the dose was available to the systemic circulation. The elimination t1/2 after id. dosing (2.91 h) was comparable to that after iv dosing (2.93 h), whereas it was significantly longer after po dosing (12.4 h). The po dose apparently precipitated in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, resulting in low oral bioavailability. These results indicated that neither stability in the GI tract nor membrane transport were major obstacles to the absorption of Cam-2445. While hepatic extraction of 52% was significant, the low aqueous solubility of Cam-2445, as well as the differences noted between po and id. studies, strongly support GI dissolution and/or precipitation as the limiting factor for the oral bioavailability of the compound.
__label__0, The intestinal transport and metabolism of stavudine (d4T), a nucleoside analogue of thymidine used in the treatment of AIDS, was studied using single-pass intestinal perfusion (SPIP), intestinal brush-border membrane vesicles (BBMV), and mucosal homogenates in rats and rabbits. In the SPIP, d4T demonstrated concentration-dependent mean wall permeability (P *w) at perfusate concentrations ranging from 0.001 to 25 mM. In coperfusion studies using 0.1 mM thymidine, 1 mM formycin B, or 5 μM NBTI as putative inhibitors of d4T transport, the P *w of 5 μM d4T was reduced to 48%, 62%, and 70% of the control value, respectively, suggesting the involvement of multiple nucleoside carriers in the intestinal uptake of d4T. d4T uptake in rat BBMV was significantly greater in the presence of a sodium ion gradient compared with a sodium-free (choline) gradient. The permeability of d4T, in the presence of a sodium gradient, was concentration-dependent and inhibited by 10 mM thymidine but not significantly reduced by 10 mM formycin B. In the presence of 10 μM NBTI, the permeability of d4T was not inhibited; however, the binding of d4T to rat and rabbit BBMV was significantly reduced. Formycin B did not significantly reduce the d4T uptake in rat or rabbit BBMV suggesting that d4T does not interact with the purine-selective N1 nucleoside carrier. However, because formycin B inhibited d4T uptake in the SPIP and since d4T inhibited formycin B uptake in rat but not rabbit BBMV, it appears to interact with the N3 carrier which has been demonstrated in rat but not rabbit intestine. Also, an interaction with the sodium-independent facilitative transporter at the basolateral membrane cannot be ruled out. The low hybrid Km and high passive permeability of d4T likely account for the lack of saturable absorption behavior observed in humans, whereas the brush-border and intracellular stability of d4T preserve the high bioavailability observed after oral dosing.
__label__0, A previously validated physiologically based pharmacokinetic model was used to examine whether epoprostenol-induced increases in gastrointestinal blood flow (Qg) could alter digoxin systemic bioavailability to a clinically significant extent in severe congestive heart failure (CHF) patients. A series of simulations was conducted in which the influences of apparent gut tissue-to-plasma partition coefficient (Kg) and Qg on digoxin bioavailability were evaluated. Since epoprostenol also increases blood flow to the liver and kidneys, the effect of concurrent increases in regional blood flow to these organs on digoxin bioavailability also was evaluated. A range of Qg was studied from 25 L/h (assumed mesenteric arterial low in CHF) to 65 L/h (portal venous flow in normal adults), and the area under the simulated digoxin concentration–time curve was used to calculate absolute digoxin bioavailability in each case. Simulations were onducted at a range of Kg from 1 to 50 (physiologically relevant range 5–25). At low values of Kg, the influence of changes in Qg on digoxin bioavailability was minimal. However, as apparent distribution into gut tissue increased (consistent with visceral congestion), the effect of changes in Qg was more substantial. In the physiologically relevant range of Kg, 40–160% increases in Qg were associated with approximately 6–40% increases in digoxin bioavailability. Therefore, the decrease in digoxin oral clearance previously observed in CHF patients receiving epoprostenol may be ascribed to increases in digoxin bioavailability, secondary to epoprostenol-induced increases in Qg.
__label__0, This study was designed to examine the effect of benzalkonium chloride/ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (BAK/EDTA) on the ocular bioavailability (Focular) of ketorolac tromethamine after ocular instillation to normal and de-epithelialized corneas of rabbits both in vitro and in vivo. The in vivo Focular of the formulations was measured in flow-through perfusion chambers. For in vitro studies, a 35 µL dose of 0.5% ketorolac tromethamine with or without BAK/EDTA was instilled into rabbit eyes with intact or de-epithelialized corneas. At 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8 h postdose, rabbits were euthanized, and the corneas and aqueous humor were collected from both eyes. The ketorolac concentrations from both in vitro and in vitro samples were quantified by reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography. The in vitro study results indicated that BAK/EDTA statistically significantly increased the Focular of ketorolac through de-epithelialized corneas but not through intact corneas. The in vitro study results showed that BAK/EDTA had no effect on the Focular of ketorolac in rabbits with intact corneas, based on the values of the area under the aqueous humor concentration versus time curves (AUC0−6h) of ketorolac. As expected, de-epithelialization of the corneas produced a faster and greater ocular absorption of ketorolac as evidenced by the smaller Tmax and larger AUC values compared to those for the intact corneas in vitro. However, BAK/EDTA decreased the ocular absorption of ketorolac in rabbits with de-epithelialized corneas. The half-lives (t1/2) of ketorolac in corneal tissue and aqueous humor were longer in rabbits with intact corneas than those in rabbits with de-epithelialized corneas. In conclusion, the in vitro Focular of ketorolac was not altered by BAK/EDTA in rabbits with intact corneas, but it was decreased by BAK/EDTA in rabbits with de-epithelialized corneas. Therefore, the formulation with ketorolac alone may be better as a postoperative ocular analgesic.
__label__0, The cardiovascular pharmacodynamics (PD) of procainamide and N-acetylprocainamide have not been well characterized in small rodents without the presence of anesthesia or restraint. This study was undertaken to examine the pharmacokinetics (PK) and PD relationship of procainamide and N-acetylprocainamide by use of electrocardiogram (ECG) telemetry in unrestrained rats. Male Sprague Dawley rats received the following treatments: vehicle, procainamide 50 and 100 mg/kg and N-acetylprocainamide 50 and 100 mg/kg via intraperitoneal (ip) administration. Blood samples were collected over 8 h and subsequently analyzed. PD measurements (PQ, QS, QR, QT, RR, and HR) were collected prior to dosing and over a 24 h period. Mean PK parameters after the 50 mg/kg dose were as follows: Cls/Fprocainamide = 86.42 mL min−1 kg−1, Cls/FN-acetylprocainamide = 36.62 mL min−1 kg−1, Vdprocainamide = 10.42 L/kg, and VdN-acetylprocainamide = 5.91 L/kg. The relationship between concentration (procainamide or N-acetylprocainamide) and effect (percent change QT interval) was best described by an Emax model for procainamide (EC50 = 445 ng/mL; Emax = 30.09%). These results approximate ECG changes noted in procainamide clinical studies, suggesting that telemetry can be used as a predictive tool of efficacy. Furthermore, the proposed PK–PD model describes the electrophysiological effects associated with procain-amide.
__label__0, Nicotinamide is a hydrotropic agent that has been reported to self-associate in aqueous solution. The objective of this study is to characterize the self-association of nicotinamide with regard to the extent of self-association as well as association constants using light-scattering and vapor pressure osmometry. Both methods allow calculation of association constants; however, while light-scattering measurements depend on the size of particles in solution, vapor pressure osmometry depends on the number of particles in solution. Using light-scattering, nicotinamide was found to associate primarily as dimers and trimers. Higher order aggregates can be characterized by an average aggregation number of 4.37. The association constants were 9.99 L/mol and 13.1 L/mol for dimerization and trimerization, respectively. From vapor pressure osmometry data were calculated a dimerization constant of 0.203 L/mol and a trimerization constant of 14.1 L/mol. In comparison, the trimerization constants are in good agreement, while the dimerization constants differ by an order of magnitude. Since light-scattering measurements are less reliable for small molecules like nicotinamide at low concentrations, it is felt that the dimerization constant calculated from vapor pressure osmometry is the more accurate.
__label__0, Two clinical studies were conducted to determine the relative amounts of ketorolac detectable locally in the gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) and systemically in plasma after oral, topical drug administration. The rinse study compared topical administration of three concentrations of ketorolac tromethamine (0.1%, 0.05%, and 0.01%) in oral rinse formulations administered topically and a perorally administered capsule (10 mg), and the dentifrice study compared two concentrations of ketorolac in dentifrice formulations (0.15% and 1.0%) with a 0.1% oral rinse, all treatments administered topically. The dose-corrected systemic availability of the three oral rinses evaluated in the rinse study relative to the peroral capsule was about 15%. However, the ratios of the observed maximum GCF ketorolac concentration to maximum plasma ketorolac concentration ranged from 22 to 49, compared to less than 1 for the peroral ketorolac capsule. Using this ratio as an estimate of the ability of a treatment to target the drug to the gingival tissue, these data indicate that the ketorolac oral rinses achieved greater delivery of drug to the gingival tissue (presumed site of action for periodontitis) with a lower systemic drug load than peroral administration of a ketorolac capsule. The dose-corrected relative systemic bioavailabilities for the dentifrice treatments with respect to the 0.1% rinse in the dentifrice study were 59.2% and 86.4% for the 1.0% and 0.15% dentifrices, respectively, indicating that significantly less ketorolac was systemically available from the two dentifrices relative to the oral rinse. The relative bioavailabilities of ketorolac in the GCF after dosing with the dentifrice formulations with respect to the rinse were 89.1% for the 1.0% dentifrice and 19.7% for the 0.15% dentifrice. Thus, the 1.0% dentifrice appears to provide statistically equivalent levels of ketorolac to the gingival tissue as the 0.1% oral rinse with significantly less systemic exposure. The T1/2 of ketorolac in the GCF was about 0.5 h for all three treatments, which is significantly less than the plasma half-life of about 5.3 h. These data suggest that GCF levels of ketorolac should remain above the IC50 for PGE2-stimulated IL-1 bone resorption for about 7 h following treatment, assuming continuation of the first-order elimination observed over the first two postdosing hours. We conclude that oral rinses and dentifrices are effective and preferred vehicles for administration of ketorolac for use in treatment of periodontitis.
__label__0, Polymer liquid–liquid two-phase systems offer a unique opportunity to study the mechanisms of protein stabilization during freezing and freeze-drying. Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy was used to monitor the structural integrity of recombinant hemoglobin frozen and lyophilized in the separated phases of a polyethylene glycol (PEG)–dextran system. Protein in each phase of an equilibrated biphasic PEG–dextran system experiences similar levels of structural protection against freezing stresses despite large differences in polymer concentration. This result further demonstrates previous suggestions that proteins are protected during freezing by the preferential exclusion mechanism. There are, however, distinct differences in the level of structural protection that polymers in equilibrium phases provide to proteins during lyophilization, emphasizing that the mechanisms of protein protection during freezing and drying are fundamentally different. In addition, we provide evidence that phase separation per se occurring during the course of the lyophilization cycle can be detrimental to the structural stability of a protein.
__label__0, The objective of this Review is to summarize and critique recent findings and applications of both unmodified and modified cyclodextrins for in vivo drug delivery. This review focuses on the use of cyclodextrins for parenteral, oral, ophthalmic, and nasal drug delivery. Other routes including dermal, rectal, and pulmonary delivery are also briefly addressed. This Review primarily focuses on newer findings concerning cyclodextrin derivatives which are likely to receive regulatory acceptance due to improved aqueous solubility and safety profiles as compared to the unmodified cyclodextrins. Many of the applications reviewed involve the use of hydroxypropyl-β-cyclodextrins (HP-β-CDs) and sulfobutylether-β-cyclodextrins (SBE-β-CDs) which show promise of greater safety while maintaining the ability to form inclusion complexes. The advantages and limitations of HP-β-CD, SBE-β-CD, and other cyclodextrins are addressed.
__label__0, A series of N-dodecanoyl-L-amino acid methyl esters (1–10) and n-pentyl N-acetylprolinate (11) were evaluated for dermal enhancement properties using an in vitro diffusion cell technique. Methods of synthesis of these compounds were described. Enhancers were applied 1 h prior to drug treatment. Hydrocortisone was used as the model drug and was applied to excised hairless mouse skin as a saturated suspension in propylene glycol. Enhancement ratios (ER) were determined for permeability coefficient, 24 h diffusion cell receptor concentration (Q24), and 24 h full-thickness skin steroid content. Controls received no enhancer pretreatment of the skin. N-Dodecanoyl-L-proline (10) showed the highest Q24 value for total steroid (ER 13.7) while N-dodecanoyl-L-phenylalanine (5) showed the highest total steroid skin retention (ER 16.5).
__label__0, Nedocromil sodium is used in the treatment of reversible obstructive airways diseases, such as asthma. The physicochemical, mechanical, and biological characteristics of nedocromil sodium can be altered by its conversion to other salt forms. In this study, three crystalline hydrates, the pentahydrate, heptahydrate, and decahydrate, of a bivalent metal salt, nedocromil magnesium (NM), were prepared. The relationships between these hydrates were studied through their characterization by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), Karl Fischer titrimetry (KFT), hot stage microscopy (HSM), ambient or variable temperature powder X-ray diffraction (PXRD), Fourier-transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy, solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (SSNMR) spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy (SEM), water uptake at various relative humidities (RH), intrinsic dissolution rate (IDR), and solubility measurements. The pentahydrate showed two dehydration steps, corresponding to two binding states of water, a more temperature-sensitive tetramer and a more stable monomer, deduced from the crystal structure previously determined. The heptahydrate and decahydrate each showed a dehydration step with a minor change in slope at about 50 °C, which was analyzed by derivative TGA and confirmed by DSC. HSM and variable temperature PXRD also confirmed the thermal dehydration behavior of the NM hydrates. The decahydrate underwent an apparently irreversible phase transformation to the pentahydrate at 75 °C at an elevated water vapor pressure. The PXRD, FTIR, and SSNMR of the decahydrate were similar to those of the heptahydrate, suggesting that the three extra water molecules in the decahydrate are loosely bound, but were significantly different from those of the pentahydrate. The rank order of both IDR and solubility in water at 25 °C was heptahydrate ≈ decahydrate > pentahydrate, corresponding to the rank order of free energy with respect to the aqueous solution.
__label__0, A primitive model for surface and interfacial tension in surfactant systems is developed on the basis of the statistical associating fluid theory (SAFT). The mean spherical approximation (MSA) is applied to describe the ion−ion interaction in this model. The surface and interfacial tensions for five surfactant systems are measured in the range 21−50 °C. The experimental data obtained at 25 °C and the surface tensions of CxEy−water systems from literature are correlated. The surface and interfacial tensions of these systems up to 50 °C are predicted by the parameters obtained from correlation. Both the correlated and predicted results are satisfactory.
__label__0, ZSM-5 zeolite membranes were prepared by in situ hydrothermal synthesis on macroporous α-alumina tubes coated with silicalite seeds. Seed particles were prepared by hydrothermal synthesis at 95 °C to mean size 0.4 or 2 μm, purified of unconverted reactants, and suspended in a buffered aqueous solution. The support tubes were seeded by immersion in the particle suspension under ultrasonication. Membrane growth on seeded supports was carried out at temperatures 110−150 °C and different reaction times. An external polycrystalline layer gradually grows on top of the support, with siliceous deposits accumulating as deep as 100 μm inside the pores of the support. Thermogravimetric analysis and nitrogen and argon adsorption measurements indicate graduate conversion of deposits from amorphous to crystalline. Pure gas permeation results are presented for membranes prepared using 0.4 and 2 μm seeds under different compositions and temperatures.
__label__0, EUV spectra of coronal loops above an active region show clear evidence of strong dynamical activity. We present an example where the Ov 629 Å line, formed at 240 000 K, is shifted from its reference position corresponding to line-of-sight velocities greater than 50 km s-1 with the shift extending over a large fraction of a loop. The observations were made with the Coronal Diagnostic Spectrometer (CDS) on the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO), and are from active region NOAA 7981 on the east solar limb on 27 July 1996. An animation has been prepared showing the variation of the shift or flow velocity along the loop. This animation is to be found on the enclosed CD-ROM and gives a clear impression of the dynamical condition present in the loop. The appearance of the loop system in different lines formed over a range in temperature as well as the observed dynamics indicates that loops at different temperatures are not closely co-located. Finally, the results are discussed and related to mechanisms that may cause line shifts.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Being chemically and thermally stable, Nafion resin is considered to be an attractive solid acid catalyst. Although it has high acid strength and the ability to catalyze a wide range of reactions, the catalytic activity of Nafion is limited, because of its very low specific surface area. In this study, mesoporous Nafion−silica nanocomposites were developed by following a one-pot acidic hydrothermal synthesis procedure. Synthesized catalysts were determined to have well-dispersed structures with high surface area values (595−792 m2/g) and strong Brønsted, as well as Lewis, acid sites. The activities of these novel catalysts were tested in dimethyl ether synthesis from methanol in a flow system. The effects of modifications in the synthesis procedure and Nafion loading showed that the material synthesized from a solution containing a Nafion/silica weight ratio of 0.15 and refluxed with a 2 M sulfuric acid−ethanol (SAE) mixture for surfactant removal was the best catalyst for this reaction. Production of the green transportation fuel alternate dimethyl ether (DME) was achieved with this catalyst at very high yields with almost 100% DME selectivity at >180 °C.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Supercritical fluids are being increasingly used as media for fine particles formation:  the most important techniques are the rapid expansion of a supercritical solution process (RESS), the particles from gas-saturated solutions process (PGSS), and the supercritical antisolvent recrystallization process (SAS). To verify the feasibility of such processes, and to optimize the choice of operative variables, it is important to understand the phase behavior of the systems involved. To perform a thermodynamic analysis, an equation of state has to be used to take into account the effects of pressure; moreover, a solid phase is involved, and the heavy component is usually a high molecular weight and poorly characterized compound. In this work the Peng−Robinson equation of state with classical mixing rules and one or two binary interaction parameters are used. The fugacity of the heavy component in the solid phase is calculated by means of a subcooled liquid reference state:  only heat of fusion and melting temperature of the heavy component are needed. The aim of this work is to develop a thermodynamic model which allows to calculate solid−liquid−vapor (S−L−V) equilibria of binary (RESS and PGSS) and ternary (SAS) systems. In regard to binary systems, the knowledge of PUCEP and TUCEP allows the calculation of binary interaction parameters:  then the P−T trace of S−L−V equilibrium and the solubility of the heavy component in the light supercritical fluid can be reasonably well predicted. For ternary systems available S−L−V and S−L1−L2−V equilibrium data are well correlated, so that an analysis on the effect of operating variables (P and T) on the SAS process can be performed.
__label__0, A computational model is developed to calculate thermodynamic phase equilibria in aqueous solutions of fluoride, phosphate, and hydroxide up to 100 °C. A variety of data are used, including isopiestic and electromotive force measurements, freezing point data, vapor pressure data at 100 °C, heat capacities, heats of dilution, and solubility measurements. Pitzer's ion-interaction treatment is used to model electrolyte solutions, and many unknown parameters are determined from existing data through nonlinear least-squares fitting. Phase equilibria are determined by minimization of the total Gibbs energy using a modification of the code SOLGASMIX. Results calculated using the model accurately predict phase equilibria from many quantitative experiments. Qualitative experiments are performed to evaluate calculated solubilities in regions of sparse or nonexistent data; the calculated results are reasonable and exhibit a general qualitative agreement with such data. Model predictions are useful in understanding problems that may arise in the treatment of waste streams containing fluoride and phosphate anions in highly caustic solutions.
__label__0, During operation, hydroprocessing catalysts undergo deactivation by coke formation, metals deposition, poisoning, etc. In the literature catalyst deactivation has been extensively studied and reviewed, with focus on the description and understanding of deactivation phenomena. For oil refinery process and catalyst development, the maximum catalyst life, or cycle length, is of prime importance. The catalyst cycle length is determined by initial activities for the relevant reactions, their decline rates, changes in both product yields and qualities during deactivation, and (equipment) fouling by byproducts. The objectives in the development of more stable catalysts are longer cycle lengths in the refineries, intake of heavier feedstocks, and increase of severity of operation. Two processes, hydrocracking and mild hydrocracking, will be highlighted to illustrate how catalyst deactivation is coped with in an industrial environment.
__label__0, Ligands for the CCR1 receptor (MIP-1α and RANTES) have been implicated in a number of chronic inflammatory diseases, most notably multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis. Because these ligands share a common receptor, CCR1, we sought to discover antagonists for this receptor as an approach to treating these disorders. A novel series of 4-hydroxypiperidines has been discovered by high throughput screening (HTS) which potently inhibits the binding of MIP-1α and RANTES to the recombinant human CCR1 chemokine receptor. The structure−activity relationships of various segments of this template are described as the initial HTS lead 1 was optimized synthetically to the highly potent receptor antagonist 6s. This compound has been shown to have at least 200-fold selectivity for inhibition of CCR1 over other human 7-TM receptors, including other chemokine receptors. In addition, data obtained from in vitro functional assays demonstrate the functional antagonism of compound 6s and structurally related analogues against the CCR1 receptor in a concentration dependent manner. The discovery and optimization of potent and selective CCR1 receptor antagonists represented by compound 6s potentially represent a novel approach to the treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases.
__label__0, Deregulated electricity markets provide good opportunities for the process industries to seek benefits by importing or exporting electricity. Gas turbine is a very good option for increasing power generation capacity due to its high power-to-heat ratio and relatively low investment cost. In this paper, a new systematic methodology for gas turbine integration is presented. The methodology employs mathematical programming in a systematic manner. The first stage is a screening stage, where promising gas turbine integration options and the optimal size range for a gas turbine are identified. These options with the model of the existing plant form a superstructure, which is optimized to get an initial design. In the second stage, constraint analysis identifies the dominant constraining units in the existing system. Relaxing these constraints and introducing new options are then considered in updating the superstructure, subject to further optimization. With this strategy, we effectively solve a much smaller optimization problem while guaranteeing good solution quality from this iterative approach.
__label__0, In order to understand the behavior of COS in a ZnO desulfurization reactor, the reaction between ZnO and COS was studied in the presence of gases which compose a coal-derived gas. The behavior of COS in the reaction zone of a ZnO packed bed can be predicted as follows:  H2S in coal-derived gas reacts more easily with ZnO than COS; most of COS is converted to H2S by catalytic hydrolysis and then reacts with ZnO, although a part of COS may react directly with ZnO; H2 accelerates the conversion of COS to H2S; the water−gas shift reaction accelerates the reaction between ZnO and COS; and CO2 does not affect the reaction.
__label__0, Silanol (SiOH) groups on silica particle surfaces undergo silylation reactions with organosilane molecules to give functionalized particles, which are used in many applications. The determination of the extent of this reaction is important for proper design of functionalized materials, depending upon the application. Two types of porous silica particles (206 and 484 m2 g−1; 9.6 and 2.9 nm average pore diameter, respectively), and colloidal silica (Ludox) with a nonporous base particle of 22 nm diameter, were functionalized with sulfur-containing silanes, 3-mercaptopropyl trimethoxy silane (MPTMS), and bis[3-(triethoxysilyl) propyl]-tetrasulfide (S4). Maximum extent of functionalization was determined with S4 using Fourier transform infrared spectrometry (FTIR), thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), and total S analysis. For the two types of porous silica particles, FTIR indicated that 54 and 17% of the silanol groups were functionalized with S4, and TGA indicated that the functionalized particles were 12 and 11 mass % MPTMS, respectively. These results were independently confirmed with total sulfur analysis. Extents of functionalization were determined for varying the silane structure on the same silica particle. MPTMS reacted with 38% of functional groups, while S4 reacted with 17%; the mass % of silane is the same regardless of silane structure on the same silica particle. Characterization by DSC indicated a glass transition occurs in the silane layer of the S4-functionalized silica at about 85 °C, but not in the MPTMS functionalized particles. Finally, mercury sorption breakthrough curves indicate the pore characteristics of the S4 functionalized samples.
__label__0, Secretion of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) by macrophages plays a predominant role in the development and progression of various inflammatory diseases. In the current contribution, multifunctional nanoparticles (NPs) containing TNF-α siRNA targeting macrophages via oral administration were developed to knockdown TNF-α expression against acute hepatic injury in rats. Mannose-modified trimethyl chitosan-cysteine (MTC) NPs were prepared by self-assembly method (sa-MTC NPs), ionic gelation and siRNA entrapment method (en-MTC NPs), and ionic gelation and siRNA adsorption method (ad-MTC NPs). Among them, en-MTC NPs demonstrated the best stability against ionic challenges with desired siRNA integrity against nucleases. By targeting normal enterocytes and M cells that express mannose receptors, en-MTC NPs notably promoted intestinal absorption of siRNA in rats. They further facilitated siRNA internalization by rat peritoneal exudate cells (PECs) via lipid-raft involved endocytosis and macropinocytosis, thus inducing effective in vitro TNF-α knockdown. Orally delivered en-MTC NPs at a low siRNA dose of 50 μg/kg inhibited systemic TNF-α production and decreased TNF-α mRNA levels in macrophage-enriched liver, spleen, and lung tissues, which consequently protected rats from acute hepatic injury. Therefore, the en-MTC NPs would provide an effective approach to orally deliver TNF-α siRNA for the anti-inflammatory therapy.
__label__0, Polymer-infiltrated carbon nanotube yarns (CNTYs) were prepared to enhance the mechanical and electrical properties of CNTYs through physical interactions. This work additionally explored the role of the polymer in altering the structures of the CNTYs. The reticulate structures of the CNTYs produced through aerogel methods were infiltrated with a dilute (0.05 wt%) solution of polystyrene (PS), polyacrylonitrile (PAN), or polyvinyl alcohol (PVA), and the structures were characterized. The performances of the CNTYs were closely related to the junction strength and the bundle size in the reticulate CNTYs. Among the three polymers examined, infiltration of PVA—the polymer with the poorest affinity toward CNTs—yielded the greatest improvement in the mechanical and electrical properties of the CNTY. The CNTY deformation properties at each stage of the stress–strain curves could be explained based on the effects of the polymer infiltration on the structure and properties of the CNTY. The results indicated that the specific stiffness, specific strength, toughness, and electrical conductivity are significantly influenced by the molecular-level coupling between the polymer, the CNTs, and the internal structure of the CNTY.
__label__0, Object instance detection is a fundamental problem in computer vision and has many applications. Compared with the problem of detecting a texture-rich object, the detection of a texture-less object is more involved because it is usually based on matching the shape of the object with the shape primitives extracted from an image, which is not as discriminative as matching appearance-based local features, such as the SIFT features. The Dominant Orientation Templates (DOT) method proposed by Hinterstoisser et al. is a state-of-the-art method for the detection of texture-less objects and can work in real time. However, it may well generate false detections in a cluttered background. In this paper, we propose a new method which has three contributions. Firstly, it augments the DOT method with a type of illumination insensitive color information. Since color is complementary to shape, the proposed method significantly outperforms the original DOT method in the detection of texture-less object in cluttered scenes. Secondly, we come up with a systematic way based on logistic regression to combine the color and shape matching scores in the proposed method. Finally, we propose a speed-up strategy to work with the proposed method so that it runs even faster than the original DOT method. Extensive experimental results are presented in this paper to compare the proposed method directly with the original DOT method and the LINE-2D method, and indirectly with another two state-of-the-art methods.
__label__0, We study a dynamic model of opinion formation in social networks. In our model, boundedly rational agents update opinions by averaging over their neighbors’ expressed opinions, but may misrepresent their own opinion by conforming or counter-conforming with their neighbors. We show that an agent׳s social influence on the long-run group opinion is increasing in network centrality and decreasing in conformity. Concerning efficiency of information aggregation or “wisdom” of the society, it turns out that misrepresentation of opinions need not undermine wisdom, but may even enhance it. Given the network, we provide the optimal distribution of conformity levels in the society and show which agents should be more conforming in order to increase wisdom.
__label__0, This study examines the effects of advertising expenditure on Taiwanese hotel sales (and profitability), risk and returns. It further tests whether the effects of advertising expenditure on hotel sales (and profitability) risk and returns rely on the business cycle condition. Panel regression test results reveal that the ratio of advertising expenditure to total asset (AD) is significant in increasing hotel sales revenue in terms of occupancy rate (Occupancy) and revenue per available room, but is not significant in increasing hotel profitability in terms of return on assets and return on equity. The relationship between AD and Occupancy is found to be curvilinear (an inverted U-shape). Although AD has a negative impact on the risk of hotel stock returns, the effect is not statistically significant. Moreover, AD is found to have no significant impact on hotel stock returns. Finally, the effects of AD on hotel stock returns and risk of hotel stock returns vary significantly in different business cycle conditions.
__label__0, Let G be a simple algebraic group of adjoint type over C , and let M be the wonderful compactification of a symmetric space G / H . Take a G ˜ -equivariant principal R-bundle E on M, where R is a complex reductive algebraic group and G ˜ is the universal cover of G. If the action of the isotropy group H ˜ on the fiber of E at the identity coset is irreducible, then we prove that E is polystable with respect to any polarization on M. Further, for wonderful compactification of the quotient of PSL ( n , C ) , n ≠ 4 (respectively, PSL ( 2 n , C ) , n > 1 ) by the normalizer of the projective orthogonal group (respectively, the projective symplectic group), we prove that the tangent bundle is stable with respect to any polarization on the wonderful compactification.
__label__0, The influence of grain size on pitting corrosion of 304L stainless steel in 3.5 wt.% NaCl solution was investigated by electrochemical methods employing the statistical approach. The potentiodynamic results revealed that grain refinement has no effect on the pitting potential. To understand the reason of ineffectiveness of grain size on pitting potential of 304L stainless steel, potentiostatic tests were conducted. Evaluation of current transients observed in potentiostatic tests revealed that the frequency of metastable pit initiation decreases with grain refinement. However, grain size reduction increases the kinetics of metastable pits dissolution and the probability of transition from metastable pitting to stability.
__label__0, Glucocorticoid-induced osteonecrosis of the femoral head (GC-induced ONFH) is a rebarbative disease affecting people from all ages, especially young adults, and often leads to severe joint pain and limitations on physical activity. Numerous studies have reported that ABCB1 polymorphisms are associated with GC-induced ONFH, but the results are inconclusive, partially because the sample size of published studies is relatively small. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis including seven case–control studies to estimate such association.
__label__0, This chapter summarizes postnatal early rearing on adaptive behavior. It explains the developmental interaction between organisms and their postnatal environments. With the exceptions of the umbilical connection between mother and fetus and the suppression of behavioral coping strategies by the uterus, many developmental processes discussed as postnatal phenomena originate before birth. It is also unlikely that many developmental processes operate independent of any genetic input. The chapter discusses the effects of pre and postnatal environments relative to genetic predispositions, specifically focusing on central serotonergic functioning and the serotonin transporter gene. Prenatal stress is reviewed and the suggestion is made that the assortment of effects from negative to none and even positive effects may actually be representative of differential development. A model is presented to characterize fetal individual differences that may exist as precursors to postnatal developmental individual differences, specifically maternal–infant synchrony and/or infant reactivity. To make this argument, classical conditioning of young organisms is offered as a potential mechanism by which prenatal variation in individuals and environments may induce or facilitate the canalization of individual differences in postnatal development. From this perspective, pattern recognition and predictability in the prenatal environment classically condition the infant to be sensitive to the immediate environment, establishing the basis for the performance of postnatal adaptive behavior.
__label__0, The present chapter discusses our experimental results on morphology, stability, and the mechanical properties of two-component charged lipid bilayers in aqueous solutions with controlled ionic strength at low pH. Observations by phase-contrast and fluorescent microscopy revealed coexistence of two structural phases in membranes from stearoyl oleoyl phosphatidylcholine (SOPC), containing more than 10 mol% of the charged lipid dioleoyl phosphatidylserine. At temperatures lower than 29 °C, the existence of nonfluctuating “hard” domains was registered in fluid membranes at pH 5.0. The method of shape-fluctuation analysis of quasi-spherical vesicles was applied for the determination of the bending modulus of homogeneous liquid bilayers. The value obtained for this material constant of bilayers with 0.2 molar fraction of charged lipid is around 30% higher than the bending modulus of uncharged (SOPC) membranes in the same surrounding solution. The experimental findings, presented and discussed in the chapter, qualitatively agree with our previous results for the curvature rigidity of charged bilayers as measured by vesicle micromanipulation.
__label__0, Hybrid composite materials based on geopolymer and epoxy melamine resins have been designed to produce a novel material showing high compatibility between the organic and inorganic phases. This has been realized through a synthetic method based on the co-reticulation in mild condition of the two phases. These materials show good interpenetration of the resin into the inorganic matrix up to nanometric level and significantly improved mechanical properties in respect to un-modified geopolymer without compromising the good thermal stability and fire resistance typical of unmodified geopolymers. These properties make the novel materials very attractive for the realization of thermo-resistant and thermo-insulating panels.
__label__0, In-depth quantitative profiling of the proteome and sub-proteomes of tumor cells has relevance to tumor classification, the development of novel therapeutics, and of prognostic and predictive markers and to disease monitoring. In particular the tumor cell surface represents a highly relevant compartment for the development of targeted therapeutics and immunotherapy. We have developed a proteomic platform to profile tumor cells that encompasses enrichment of surface membrane proteins, intact protein fractionation and label-free mass spectrometry based absolute quantification. Here we describe the methodology for capture, identification and quantification of cell surface proteins using biotinylation for labeling of the cell surface, avidin for capture of biotinylated proteins and ion mobility mass spectrometry for protein identification and quantification.
__label__0, The anticancer drug paclitaxel (Taxol) has been converted to a large number of 2-debenzoyl-2-aroyl derivatives by three different methods. The bioactivities of the resulting analogues were determined in both tubulin polymerization and cytotoxicity assays, and several analogues with enhanced activity as compared with paclitaxel were discovered. Correlation of cytotoxicity in three cell lines with tubulin polymerization activity showed reasonable agreement. Among the cell lines examined, the closest correlation with antitubulin activity was observed with a human ovarian carcinoma cell line.
__label__0, Synthetic routes have been investigated to prepare a novel C8-epoxide-functionalized pyrrolo[2,1-c][1,4]benzodiazepine 6 as a potential sequence-selective DNA cross-linking agent (Wilson et al. Tetrahedron Lett.1995, 36, 6333−6336). A successful synthesis was accomplished via a 10-step route involving a pro-N10-Fmoc cleavage method that should have general applicability to other pyrrolobenzodiazepine (PBD) molecules containing acid- or nucleophile-sensitive groups. During the course of this work, a one-pot reductive cyclization procedure for the synthesis of PBD N10-C11 imines from nitro dimethyl acetals was also discovered, although this method results in C11a racemization which can reduce DNA binding affinity and cytotoxicity. The target epoxide 6 was shown by thermal denaturation studies to have a significantly higher DNA-binding affinity than the parent DC-81 (3) or the C8-propenoxy-PBD (15), which is structurally similar but lacks the epoxide moiety. The time course of effects upon thermal denaturation indicated a rapid initial binding phase followed by a slower phase consistent with the stepwise cross-linking of DNA observed for a difunctional agent. This was confirmed by an electrophoretic assay which demonstrated efficient induction of interstrand cross-links in plasmid DNA at concentrations >1 μM. Higher levels of interstrand cross-linking were observed at 24 h compared to 6 h incubation. A Taq polymerase stop assay indicated a preference for binding to guanine-rich sequences as predicted for bis-alkylation in the minor groove of DNA by epoxide and imine moieties. The pattern of stop sites could be partly rationalized by molecular modeling studies which suggested low-energy models to account for the observed binding behavior. The epoxide PBD 6 was shown to have significant cytotoxicity (45−60 nM) in the A2780, CH1, and CH1cisR human ovarian carcinoma cell lines and an IC50 of 0.2 μM in A2780cisR. The significant activity of 6 in the cisplatin-resistant CH1cisR cell line (IC50 = 47 nM) gave a resistance factor of 0.8 compared to the parent cell line, demonstrating no cross-resistance with the major groove cross-linking agent cisplatin.
__label__0, 6-Anilinouracils (6-AUs) are dGTP analogues which selectively inhibit the DNA polymerase III of Bacillus subtilis and other Gram-positive bacteria. To enhance the potential of the 6-AUs as antimicrobial agents, a structure−activity relationship was developed involving substitutions of the uracil N3 position in two 6-AU platforms:  6-(3,4-trimethyleneanilino)uracil (TMAU) and 6-(3-ethyl-4-methylanilino)uracil (EMAU). Series of N3-alkyl derivatives of both 6-AUs were synthesized and tested for their ability to inhibit purified B. subtilis DNA polymerase III and the growth of B. subtilis in culture. Alkyl groups ranging in size from ethyl to hexyl enhanced the capacity of both platforms to bind to the polymerase, and with the exception of hexyl, they also significantly enhanced their antimicrobial potency. N3 substitution of the EMAU platform with more hydrophilic hydroxyalkyl and methoxyalkyl groups marginally enhanced anti-polymerase III activity but enhanced antibacterial potency severalfold. In sum, the results of these studies indicate that the ring N3 of 6-anilinouracils can tolerate substituents of considerable size and structural variety and, thus, can be manipulated to significantly enhance the antibacterial potency of this novel class of polymerase III-specific inhibitors.
__label__0, A series of 4-acyl-3-pyrazolone derivatives with a 3-substituted 2-hydroxy-3-aminopropyl chain attached to pyrazole N-1 (7−20) as well as isomeric 4-acyl-5-(3-substituted 3-amino-2-hydroxypropoxy)pyrazole derivatives (5, 6) were synthesized, and their multidrug resistance (MDR)-modulating activity was measured using the daunomycin efflux assay. Reaction of N 1-substituted 4-acyl-3-pyrazolones (tautomer to 4-acyl-5-hydroxypyrazoles) with excessive epichlorohydrin and successive treatment with an appropriate amine resulted in N-alkylation and thus afforded the target pyrazolone derivatives 7−20. In contrast, O-alkylation occurred upon reaction with 1 equiv of epichlorohydrin and subsequent treatment with amine leading to the corresponding 4-acyl-5-pyrazolyl ethers 5 and 6. QSAR studies showed a good correlation of MDR-modulating activity with lipophilicity of the compounds. Inclusion of hydrogen bond acceptor strength and steric parameters as descriptors led to a QSAR equation with remarkably increased predictive power (r 2cv = 0.92). Additionally, ortho substitution of the propanolamine side chain and the acyl moiety is favorable. Detailed NMR spectroscopic investigations were carried out with the title compounds.
__label__0, Denitrification is a main branch of the global nitrogen cycle. In the past ten years unravelling the underlying biochemistry and genetics has proceeded at an increasing pace. Fungal denitrification has become a new field. The biochemical investigation of denitrification has culminated in the description of the crystal structures of the two types of nitrite reductases. The N2O reductase shares with cytochrome c oxidase the CuA center as a structurally novel metal site. The cytochrome b subunit of NO reductase has a striking conservation of heme-binding transmembrane segments versus the subunit I of cytochrome c oxidase. Another putative denitrification gene product shows structural relation to the subunit III of the oxidase. N2O reductase and NO reductase may be ancestors of energy-conserving enzymes of the heme-copper oxidase superfamily. More than 30 genes for denitrification are located in a >30-kb cluster in Pseudomonas stutzeri, and comparable gene clusters have been identifi ed in Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Paracoccus denitrificans. Genes necessary for nitrite reduction and NO reduction have a mosaic arrangement with very few conserved locations within these clusters and relative to each other.
__label__0, The enzymes which catalyze the oxidation of ammonia to nitrite by autotrophic bacteria are reviewed. A comparison is made with enzymes which catalyze the same reactions in methylotrophs and organotrophic heterotrophic bacteria.
__label__0, Pseudomonas strain PB16, a Gram-negative heterotrophic nitrifying bacterium closely related to Pseudomonas azalaica on the basis of 16 S rDNA analysis, was able to use hydroxylamine as an additional energy source during growth in acetate limited chemostat cultures giving an increased biomass yield. In aerobically growing cells of Pseudomonas PB16 only 50% of supplemented hydroxylamine could be recovered as nitrite. In addition to nitrite, N2O could be detected in the chemostat off-gas, indicating combined heterotrophic nitrification and aerobic denitrification. The maximum specific hydroxylamine oxidizing activity observed was 450 nmol per min per mg dry weight, with a Ks of approximately 40 µm. Upon addition of hydroxylamine to the medium, Pseudomonas PB16 induced a soluble 132 KDa dimeric hydroxylamine oxidoreductase. The enzyme had a pH optimum of 9, and did not contain spectroscopic features typical for cytochromes, which is in contrast to hydroxylamine oxidoreductases fou nd in autotrophic bacteria.
__label__0, The main goal of the paper is to give explicit formulas for the fundamental classes of Schubert subschemes in Lagrangian and orthogonal Grassmannians of maximal isotropic subbundles as well as some globalizations of them. The used geometric tools overlap appropriate desingularizations of such Schubert subschemes and Gysin maps for such Grassmannian bundles. The main algebraic tools are provided by the families of \(\widetilde Q\) and \(\widetilde P\)-polynomials introduced and investigated in the present paper. The key technical result of the paper is the computation of the class of the (relative) diagonal in isotropic Grassmannian bundles based on the orthogonality property of \(\widetilde Q\) and \(\widetilde P\)polynomials. Some relationships with quaternionic Schubert varieties and Schubert polynomials for classical groups are also discussed.
__label__0, The black yeast Aureobasidium pullulans (de Bary) Arnaud is known to synthesize the exopolysaccharide pullulan, a poly-α-1,6-maltotriose. Nine strains were found to produce additional aubasidan-like EPS, i.e. glucans with α-1,4-D-, β-1,6-D- and β-1,3-D-glycosidic bonds. These strains had previously been found to deviate in genotypic characters. Additional physiological differences were found: the optimal nitrogen source for exopolysaccharide production in liquid medium was NaNO3 for aubasidan-producing strains, and (NH4)2SO4 for the remaining strains. A new variety, A. pullulans var. aubasidani Yurlova, is described for the strains producing aubasidan-like components. The new variety can be distinguished from A. pullulans var. pullulans by the absence of assimilation of methyl-α-D-glucoside and lactose.
__label__0, For a real Enriques surface Y we prove that every homology class in H1(Y (R), Z/2) can be represented by a real algebraic curve if and only if all connected components of Y(R) are orientable. Furthermore, we give a characterization of real Enriques surfaces which are Galois-Maximal and/or Z-Galois-Maximal and we determine the Brauer group of any real Enriques surface Y.
__label__0, Four strains of nonmotile, prosthecate bacteria were isolated in the 1970s and assigned to the genus Prosthecobacter. These strains were compared genotypically by DNA/DNA reassociation and 16S rDNA based phylogenetic analyses. Genotypic comparisons were complemented with phenotypic characterizations. Together, these studies clearly indicate each Prosthecobacter strain represents a novel species of bacteria. We propose three new species of Prosthecobacter, P. dejongeii strain FC1, P. vanneervenii strain FC2, and P. debontii strain FC3; P. fusiformis is reserved for the type strain of the genus, strain FC4. Additionally, we propose the genera Prosthecobacter and Verrucomicrobium, currently members of the order Verrucomicrobiales, to comprise a novel higher order taxonomic group, the division Verrucomicrobia div. nov. and the class Verrumicrobiae class nov. Many novel members of the Verrucomicrobia, as revealed by molecular ecology studies, await isolation and description.
__label__0, The de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic enzymes in the denitrifying bacterium Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 17588 were assayed and their activities were lower in glucose-grown cells than in succinate-grown cells. When P. stutzeri was grown in the presence of uracil, the de novo enzyme activities in succinate-grown cells were lowered while they remained largely unchanged in glucose-grown cells. A uracil auxotroph of P. stutzeri, deficient for aspartate transcarbamoylase activity, was isolated and its auxotrophic requirement was met by only uracil and cytosine. The inability of pyrimidine ribonucleosides to meet the auxotrophic requirement was related to the limited ability of P. stutzeri to transport uridine and cytidine. Pyrimidine limitation of the auxotroph elevated the de novo enzyme activities indicating that this pathway may be repressible by a uracil-related compound in succinate-grown P. stutzeri cells. Regulation of pyrimidine synthesis in P. stutzeri was similar to that observed for other pseudomonads classified within rRNA homology group I.
__label__0, We extend some results about shifted Schur functions to the general context of shifted Macdonald polynomials. We strengthen some theorems of F. Knop and S. Sahi and give two explicit formulas for these polynomials: a q-integral representation and a combinatorial formula. Our main tool is a q-integral representation for ordinary Macdonald polynomial. We also discuss duality for shifted Macdonald polynomials and Jack degeneration of these polynomials.
__label__0, In this paper we study reducibility of representations of split classical p-adic groups induced from self-contragredient supercuspidal represetation associated via Howe's construction to an admissible character, we show that in many cases Shahidi's criterion for reducibility of the induced representation reduces to a simple condition on the admissible character.
__label__0, We demonstrated that the representatives of the family Rhizobiaceae possess, instead of one single 23S rRNA molecule, three different sets of 23S-like rRNA fragments with sizes of about: 135 b and 2.6 kb (set 1); 135 b, 400 b, and 2.2 kb (set 2); 135 b and two molecules of about 1.3 kb (set 3). In two of the fragmentations, intervening sequences – IVS I and IVS II – are involved. The IVS I is connected to a cleavage of the 23S rRNA primary transcript into two molecules (135 b and 2.6 kb large). The IVS II is located at position 543 of the gene, and it leads to an additional processing of the 2.6 kb rRNA species into two molecules with sizes of about 400 b and 2.2 kb. In contrast to the IVS I, which is a common feature of all rhizobia, the IVS II is present in a limited number of strains only. The primary and secondary structures of the regions of the unmatured 23S rRNA transcript possessing IVS I (helix 9) and IVS II (helix 25) were analysed. On the basis of our analyses we propose secondary structure models of the parts of the matured 23S rRNA-like molecules of rhizobia corresponding to the helices 9 and 25. The third fragmentation of the rhizobial 23S rRNA represents a break in the central part of the 2.6 kb-large rRNA and it leads to an occurence of two fragments with approximately equal size of about 1.3 kb. We have demonstrated that the central fragmentation is not connected to the presence of IVSs but probably to a minor change in the nucleotide sequence in the central part of the 2.6 rRNA.
__label__0, To a polynomial map f : Cn + 1 → C one can attach a monodromy transformation on the complex cohomology of its generic fiber that reflects its asymptotic behaviour. In this paper this transformation is determined for a class of generic polynomials in terms of data attached to projective hypersurfaces with isolated singularities.
__label__0, We have applied a broad-scale approach to the analysis of DNA extracted from soils which support characteristic grasslands at an upland site in the UK. To test for the degree of coherence between microbial and vascular communities, grasslands were characterised as ‘improved’, ‘semi-improved’, or ‘unimproved’, according to the degree of management they had received and consequent botanical composition. Microbial DNA was extracted directly from the grassland soils and analysed by three techniques: (i) thermal denaturation, which profiles the guanine and cytosine (G÷C) base distribution within the community; (ii) cross hybridisation of the DNA which measures the degree of similarity between the samples; (iii) measurement of reassociation kinetics of denatured DNA, which provides a measure of the complexity of the DNA. Thermal denaturation revealed significant differences in the %G+C composition of the communities. DNA from the improved soil had the highest median %G+C value, whilst that from the unimproved soil had the lowest. The relative distribution of G+C bases also differed significantly between the samples from the three grasslands. Cross hybridisation of DNA from the different soils also indicated significant differences in the degree of similarity between the DNA from the grasslands, with unimproved showing 59% similarity to improved. Indices from the cross hybridisation assay suggested that, in terms of complexity, the samples ranked unimproved > semi-improved > improved. Reassociation kinetics supported this conclusion, but the rates of reassociation were such that less than 40% reassociation occurred over a 31-day period, thus preventing calculation of C o t1/2.
__label__0, Studies on the origin and evolution of plasmids may provide valuable insights on the promiscuous nature of DNA. The first examples of the selfish nature of nucleic acids are exemplified by primordial oligoribonucleotides which evolved into primitive replicons. The propagation of these molecules were likely patterned after the current viral RNA ribozymes, which have been recently shown to possess RNA synthesizing and template mediated polymerizing capabilities in the absence of proteins. The parasitic nature of nucleic acids is depicted by satellite nucleic acid molecules associated with viruses. The satellites of adenovirus and tobacco ringspot virus serve as established examples: they contain no open reading frames. Comparative analysis of the replication origins of virions and plasmids show them to be conserved, originating from the simplest autocatalytic replicon to highly complex and evolved plasmids, replicating by a rolling circle mechanism. The eventual association of proteins with nucleic acids provided added efficiency and protective advantages for molecular perpetuation. The promiscuous and selfish nature of plasmids is demonstrated by their ability to genetically engineer their host so that the host cell is best able to cope and survive in hostile environments. Survival of the host ensures survival of the plasmid. Sequestering of genes by plasmids occurs when the environmental conditions negatively affect the host. The sequestering mechanism is fundamental and forms the outreach mechanisms to generate and propagate macromolecules of increasing size when necessary for survival. The level of sophistication of plasmids increases with the addition of new genes such as those that allow the host to occupy a specific environment normally inhospitable to the host cell. The vast range of plasmid types which have obtained genes interchangeably reflect the levels of sophistication achieved by these macromolecules. The Ti plasmid in Agrobacterium tumefaciens and the pSym and accessory plasmids in Rhizobium illustrate the level of complexity attained by replicons.
__label__0, The difficulty and expense of preserving digital information is a potential impediment to digital library development. Preservation of traditional materials became more successful and systematic after libraries and archives integrated preservation into overall planning and resource allocation. Digital preservation is largely experimental and replete with the risks associated with untested methods. Digital preservation strategies are shaped by the needs and constraints of repositories with little consideration for the requirements of current and future users of digital scholarly resources. This article discusses the present state of digital preservation, articulates requirements of both users and custodians, and suggests research needs in storage media, migration, conversion, and overall management strategies. Additional research in these areas would help developers of digital libraries and other institutions with preservation responsibilities to integrate long-term preservation into program planning, administration, system architectures, and resource allocation.
__label__0, Standard methods of isolation of chromatin histones from Arabidopsis thaliana yield strongly degraded proteins when applied to plants grown from seeds in axenic liquid media. For isolation of undegraded histones from Arabidopsis grown in liquid media we used extraction with guanidine hydrochloride followed by selective binding of histones on BioRex 70 resin in the batch system. The quality of obtained proteins is confirmed by SDS polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
__label__0, This paper attempts to provide an overview of Professor Leen van Wijngaarden's scientific work by briefly summarizing a number of his papers. The review is organized by topic and covers his work on pressure waves in bubbly liquids, bubble dynamics, two-phase flow, standing waves in resonant systems, and flow cavitation noise. A list of publications up till his retirement in March 1997 is provided in the Appendix.
__label__0, We analyzed the regulation of sterigmatocystin biosynthesis in wild type and mutant strains of Emericella nidulans (= Aspergillus nidulans). A positive correlation between both asexual and sexual sporulation and synthesis of the mycotoxin was observed. Those conditions which favored sporulation stimulated sterigmatocystin formation, and vice versa. Both processes were stimulated by light in a + genetic background. In contrast, they were inhibited by diaminobutanone, an inhibitor of ornithine decarboxylase. The effect of this inhibitor was partially reverted by putrescine addition. Partial supplementation of specific requirements to auxotrophic mutants allowed normal vegetative growth, but interfered with asexual sporulation and sterigmatocystin biosynthesis. Synthesis of the mycotoxin was neither affected in a brlA mutant or in developmental mutants blocked at later steps in sporulation. As in wild type strain, diaminobutanone inhibited sterigmatocystin biosynthesis and cleisthotecia formation in the brlA mutant, and its effect was reverted by addition of putrescine. The inhibitor also affected the transcription of brlA. Our results indicate that sporulation and the synthesis of sterigmatocystin are co-regulated at a step previous to the brlA execution point.
__label__0, It is shown that if the fundamental group of a normal algebraic variety, respectively Zariski open subset of a compact Kähler manifold, is solvable with a faithful linear representation over Q, respectively polycyclic, then it is virtually nilpotent.
__label__0, The authors here show that machine learning techniques can be used for designing an archaeological typology, at an early stage when the classes are not yet well defined. The program (LEGAL, LEarning with GAlois Lattice) is a machine learning system which uses a set of examples and counter-examples in order to discriminate between classes. Results show a good compatibility between the classes such as the yare defined by the system and the archaeological hypotheses.
__label__0, The response of Brassica carinata hybrids and their parents to moisture stress at different growth stages was studied. B. carinata 226 was found to be susceptible to stress at pre-flowering and post-flowering stages while B. carinata 241 at flowering stage. Neither the changes in stomatal conductance nor in chlorophyll content could fully explain the reduction in net photosynthetic rate (PN) induced by stress. B. carinata 241 had higher leaf water potential (ψw) although, it had lower PN compared to B. carinata 226. Both the parents had lower PN as well as leaf ψw. The stress response of PN in hybrids followed that in their respective female parents.
__label__0, Let k be a perfect field of characteristic p > 0, K0 = Frac(W(k)), π a uniformizer in K0 and πn ∈ K 0 (n∈ N) such that π0 = π and π pn+1  = πn. We write K∞ = ∪n∈N K0 (πn), H∞ = Gal (K0/ K∞ and G = Gal(K0/ K0). The main result of this paper is that the functor ‘restriction of the Galois action’ from the category of crystalline representations of G with Hodge–Tate weights in an interval of length ≤ p - 2 to the category of p-adic representations of H∞ is fully faithful and its essential image is stable by sub-object and quotient. The proof uses the comparison between two ways of building mod. p representations of H∞: one thanks to the norm field of K∞, the other thanks to some categories of ‘filtered’ modules with divided powers previously introduced by the author.
__label__0, Somatic hybridization of Brassica oleracea (cauliflower, cabbage, kohlrabi) and Armoracia rusticana (horseradish) protoplasts was performed to test the possibility of the formation of intergeneric hybrids. Out of three B. oleracea crops tested only cauliflower (B. oleracea var. botrytis) yielded viable hybrids when fused with horseradish protoplasts. Regenerated plants were asymmetric hybrids as revealed by morphological, karyological, and DNA analysis. In these plants, extensive elimination of A. rusticana genome occurred during subsequent cultivation. Using a chloroplast DNA probe no A. rusticana-specific hybridization signals were detected thus indicating a rapid elimination of horseradish cytoplasmic (chloroplast) components.
__label__0, Growth rate of fruit of Actinidia deliciosa (A. Chev.) Liang and Fergusoncv. Hayward, measured as increase in fresh mass, followed a simple sigmoidal trend showing two stages in all the seasons studied (1987 - 1989). However, growth profiles were statistically different from year to year in both shape and mean reached. The data suggest an important effect of climatic factors on growth, mainly rainfall, which may explain the differences in growth curves between seasons. Significant correlations between relative growth index and length and/or diameter were found which can be used for a non-destructive determination of Actinidia deliciosa fruit growth.
__label__0, Thirty-day-old seedlings of two jute species (Corchorus capsularis L. cv. JRC 212 and C. olitorius L. cv. JRO 632) were subjected to short-term salinity stress (160 and 200 mM NaCl for 1 and 2 d). Relative water content, leaf water potential, water uptake, transpiration rate, water retention, stomatal conductance, net photosynthetic rate and water use efficiency of both jute species decreased due to salinity stress. The decrease was greater in C. olitorius than in C. capsularis and with higher magnitude of stress. Greater accumulation of Na+ and Cl- and a lower ratio of K+/Na+ in the root and shoot of C. olitorius compared with C. capsularis were also recorded. Pretreatment of seedlings with kinetin (0.09 mM), glutamic acid (4 mM) and calcium nitrate (5 mM) for 24 h significantly improved net photosynthesis, transpiration and water use efficiency of salinity stressed plants, the effect being more marked in C. olitorius. Among the pre-treatment chemicals, calcium nitrate was most effective.
__label__0, The quotient of a real analytic manifold by a properly discontinuous group action is, in general, only a semianalytic variety. We study the boundary of such a quotient, i.e., the set of points at which the quotient is not analytic. We apply the results to the moduli space Mg/∝ of nonsingular real algebraic curves of genus g (g≤2). This moduli space has a natural structure of a semianalytic variety. We determine the dimension of the boundary of any connected component of Mg/∝. It turns out that every connected component has a nonempty boundary. In particular, no connected component of Mg/∝ is real analytic. We conclude that Mg/∝ is not a real analytic variety.
__label__0, Accumulation of ABA in shoots during 30-min dehydration of wheat seedlings was accompanied by the decline in the content of zeatin nucleotide and the accumulation of zeatin 9-N-glucoside. The total content of zeatin derivatives as well as the content of free base of zeatin remained almost constant.
__label__0, Culture conditions for a fine dispersion of plated cells of Oryza sativa L. cv. IR 20, have been worked out. These plated cells developed microcalli containing large number of somatic embryos and subsequently plantlets. By using single cells and clusters of 2 - 4 cells, an efficient DNA-delivery by microprojectile bombardment into cells and its transient expression were assessed by employing a plasmid construct containing β-glucuronidase gene.
__label__0, The immature zygotic embryos of reciprocal maize hybrids (CHI-31 x GF1 and CHI-31 × GE2) were used as the initial material for induction of somatic embryogenesis in vitro. Histological analysis of somatic embryogenesis revealed high developmental variability. The arising formations were classified into 5 groups: A) somatic embryos phenotypically similar to zygotic embryos, B) polyembryos, C) formations with radicle but without meristematic plumule, D) formations with radicle without differentiated plumule, and E) formations with plumule without radicle. The formatioms A and B regenerated directly into plants. Plant regeneration from formations E required preculture on the rooting medium. Formations C and D failed to develope into plants possibly because of early loss of meristematic cell character during the embryo axis differentiation. The reverse sequence of radicle and plumule differentiation in somatic embryos in comparison with zygotic ones was noted. The epigenetic character of the scutellum, coleoptile, coleorhiza and leaves primordia development was discussed.
__label__0, A free surface shape of a viscous liquid jet is investigated at large Reynolds and Weber numbers. The jet is ejected into a vacuum from a cylindrical nozzle with a flat exterior surface. The liquid is completely wetting the nozzle material (zero contact angle). Free jet surface is non-cylindrical near the nozzle. There is a smooth connection between the flat external surface of the nozzle and the cylindrical surface of the jet away from the nozzle. The size of the connection region is estimated by means of the boundary layer technique.
__label__0, In this paper the asymptotic behavior of the Castelnuovo$ndash;Mumford regularity of powers of a homogeneous ideal I is studied. It is shown that there is a linear bound for the regularity of the powers I whose slope is the maximum degree of a homogeneous generator of I, and that the regularity of I is a linear function for large n. Similar results hold for the integral closures of the powers of I. On the other hand we give examples of ideal for which the regularity of the saturated powers is asymptotically not a linear function, not even a linear function with periodic coefficients.
__label__0, The aim was to evaluate alterations in Visual-Evoked Potentials (VEP) and Electroretinogram (ERG) and discover whether these tests are useful for determining residual visual acuity in cases where a patient is unable to collaborate. Flash and, when possible, Transient Pattern Reversal Visual-Evoked Potentials and Maximal Response ERG were recorded in 8 children (under three years old) affected by different aspects of optic nerve coloboma. None of them had visual acuity evaluated because of poor collaboration. All examinations were carried out using skin electrodes. Amplitude of the a and b component of ERG, amplitude, morphology and latency of the major components of Flash VEP and amplitude and latency of P100 Pattern Reversal VEP were evaluated. Four of the patients were examined three years later and visual acuity was compared with the previous electrofunctional results. Alterations in ERG were found only in the case of significant retinal anomalies (great coloboma, retinal detachment), huge alterations were found in both Flash VEP and in Pattern Reversal VEP. The retrospective study of VEP traces and visual acuity showed a good correlation between electrofunctional data and visual capability. Electrofucntional examinations can identify important conductive retinocortical anomalies. The possibility of correlating electrophysiological results with residual visual acuity is important for rehabilitative management in such optic disc malformations.
__label__0, Isopenicillin N synthase is a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of penicillin and cephalosporin antibiotics, catalyzing the oxidative ring closure of δ-(L-α-aminoadipoyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine to form isopenicillin N. Recent advances in our understanding of the unique chemistry of this enzyme have come through the combined application of spectroscopic, molecular genetic and crystallographic approaches and led to important new insights into the structure and function of this enzyme. Here we review new information on the nature of the endogenous ligands that constitute the ferrous iron active site, sequence evidence for a novel structural motif involved in iron binding in this and related non-heme iron dependent dioxygenases, crystal structure studies on the enzyme and its substrate complex and the impact of these and site-directed mutagenesis studies for unraveling the mechanism of the isopenicillin N synthase reaction.
__label__0, Mitochondrial small subunit ribosomal DNAs were sequenced and phylogenetically analyzed for Trametes and related genera of Ryvarden's Trametes group. Parsimony and distance analyses indicated that most of trimitic genera with white rotting habit of the Trametes group clustered within a single clade, suggesting that they may have originated from a common ancestor. The phylogenetic position and generic placement of Trametes consors was uncertain as yet. Trametes trogii grouped with Coriolopsis gallica and indicated that color of the basidiocarp is a poor character at generic level. Nucleotide differences between Daedaleopsis confragosa and D. tricolor were quite few and both species closely grouped together in a same clade, thus supporting that D. tricolor might be an ecotype of D. confragosa.
__label__0, This paper examines the feasibility of incremental annotation, i.e. using existing annotation on a text as the basis for further annotation rather than starting the new annotation from scratch. It contains a theoretical component, describing basic methodology and potential obstacles, as well as a practical component, describing an experiment which tests the efficiency of incremental annotation. Apart from guidelines for the execution of such pilot experiments, the experiment demonstrates that incremental annotation is most effective when supported by thorough pre-planning and documentation. Unplanned, opportunistic use of existing annotation is much less effective in its reduction of annotation time and furthermore increases the development time of the annotation software, so that this type of incremental annotation appears only practical for large amounts of heritage data.
__label__0, The changes in nuclear ultrastructure during garlic development were investigated. In quiescent cells, the nucleus was oblate and small, full of heterochromatin, and without nucleolus. In the active phase cells, the nucleus moved toward the center of the cell, and was enlarged with many deep fissures, and the heterochromatin in the nucleus turned to be euchromatin. One or more nucleoli were seen in active phase cells. Cell divisions were by means of amitosis. Relatively large nuclei with small distortions were seen in the callus cells. These results suggest that the metabolism of the active cells was higher than that of callus and quiescent cells.
__label__0, The electro-oculogram (EOG) can be recorded by use of skin electrodes positioned near the eye in the horizontal or vertical plane and is dependent on the position of the eye relative to the electrodes and the size of the corneo-retinal potential (CRP). By use of the functional relation between the recorded potential and the eye position - CRP is considered to be constant - the EOG is the eye movement recording method most often used. Changes in CRP dependent on luminance or metabolic influences can be measured, on the other hand, by means of the EOG when eye movements of constant amplitudes are performed. The EOG in this paper is used in the latter sense.The widely used clinical test of rentinal function based on the electro-oculogram firstly described by Arden (Arden index) has been modified to achieve more precise and reliable results by including a gradual dark adaptation procedure and a special data analysis to detect fixation periods. Using modern techniques, the complete procedure has been automated. The efficiency of the procedure and the device is demonstrated in various ways.
__label__0, Our aim is to study the cohomology groups of some coherent sheaves on a Griffiths–Schmid variety associated with an anisotropic Q-from of the unitary group SU(2,1). We define some transforms relating this cohomology to the coherent cohomology groups of some sheaves defined on certain threefolds, which are fibered in projective lines over Picard modular surfaces. In particular, we give a complete and explicit description, in terms of classical Picard modular forms, of the holomorphic (resp. anti-holomorphic) part of the 1-cohomology of the Griffiths-Schmid variety. From this, it results an explicit generating system for the part of the 2–cohomology which correspond to those automorphic representations whose archimedean component is a degenerate limit of discrete series.
__label__0, The service systems which assist the long-term mentally ill to function in the community have been routinely described as fragmented and uncoordinated. The development and implementation of case management has been seen as one response to this dysfunctional system. This article examines case management from the perspective that case management is a needed function no matter how coordinated and integrated the system.From this perspective, case management is driven by the clients' goals and not the systems' goals. Case management is viewed as a process by which the person with severe psychiatric disability is supported in negotiating for the various services that they want and need. Four unique activities are identified as performed by the case manager: Connecting with Clients, Planning for Services, Linking Clients with Services, and Advocating for Service Improvements.Case management must be seen as a uniquely human response to the client's specific service needs and overall goals. For persons with long-term psychiatric disabilities, case management brings to life the human dimension of the human service system.
__label__0, Aim of this work was to find the best source for obtaining high amount of copper amine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.6) that can be further used for analytical or industrial applications. The study focused on plant enzymes, because they occur in much higher content in the starting material than the enzymes from other sources, have higher specific activity and are also more thermostable. Presence of the amine oxidase was tested in extracts from 4 to 7-d-old seedlings of thirty-four various Fabaceae plants. Amine oxidases from nine selected plants were purified by general method involving ammonium sulfate fractionation, controlled heat denaturation, and three chromatographic steps. Kinetic properties of the amine oxidases purified were tested with a wide range of substrates and inhibitors and were found to be very similar. Best purification yield, and total and specific activities were obtained for the enzyme from grass pea (Lathyrus sativus) throughout all purification steps. Hence, the grass pea extract was chosen as a suitable candidate for massive production of the amine oxidase.
__label__0, Kollár's conjecture, that log canonical singularities are Du Bois, is proved in the case of Cohen–Macaulay 3-folds. This in turn is used to derive Kodaira vanishing for this class of varieties. Finally it is proved that small deformations of Du Bois singularities are again Du Bois.
__label__0, When the retinas of some fishes and amphibians are dark-adapted the hyperpolarising response of horizontal cells (HCs) to a light stimulus is suppressed (= dark suppression) but is restored to that of light adaptation when a light stimulus is rapidly repeated (= light potentiation (LP). This phenomenon, which had not been previously demonstrated in a mammal, has been recorded from isolated rabbit retinas. The steady amount of LP of HCs after several light stimuli was expressed as the percentage of induced hyperpolarisation when that of the dark-adapted retina is taken as 100%. The LP was small (113±13%, n=14), when the HCs had stable and large responses (>15 mV), but varied greatly between HCs. Those HCs with slight LP (106±3% n=8) designated as x-HCs, mostly exhibited larger overshoots than did those HCs with stronger LP (123±14, n=6) and designated y-HCs. These mostly had a smaller overshoot. Other HCs (z-HCs) were unstable and were only slightly hyperpolarised by the first light stimulus after dark adaptation but showed the strongest LP (193±48%, n=7). These results could indicate a variable degree of light potentiation in normally-functioning HCs, which can be classified accordingly. It is possible, however, that the degree of LP is small in all normally-functioning HCs, but as the HCs in isolated mammalian retinal preparations deteriorate, the phenomenon of LP is progressively exaggerated. LP is not peculiar to HCs and can also occur in cells which depolarise in response to a light stimulus, and can be evident in the PIII component of the ERG.
__label__0, Pattern and flash visual evoked cortical potentials (PVEP, FVEP), and pattern electroretinograms, (PERG) were recorded in 13 affected individuals from 8 families with DOA. These were selected as representative from 87 affected members of 21 pedigrees with DOA who were examined, and who underwent genetic linkage analysis. Linkage to the OPA1 locus on chromosome 3q 28-qter was demonstrated in all families. VA ranged from 6/9 to HM; visual fields showed a variable centro-caecal defect; SLO (when performed) showed diffuse nerve fibre loss; MRI (when performed) showed small intra-orbital optic nerves. In 9/13 patients the PVEP was absent in one or both eyes. Most recordable PVEPs were of abnormal latency, but the delays were not marked (peak times 116–135 msec); amplitudes were low or subnormal. PERG fell within the normal range in 9 eyes of 7 patients. 14 eyes showed an abnormal N95:P50 ratio in keeping with ganglion cell dysfunction. Some severely affected eyes showed P50 component involvement, but in no eye was the PERG extinguished. Significant interocular asymmetries in at least one electrophysiological measure were present in 6/13 patients. Colour contrast thresholds were significantly elevated for all three colour confusion axes, with tritan being most affected.
__label__0, French bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. Contender) plants at five developmental stages (4, 8, 12, 16 and 20 d after sowing) were exposed to one of three treatments: 1 - 25 °C (control), 2 - exposure to chilling at 10 °C only for 2 d prior to sampling, and 3 - long-term exposure to chilling at 10 °C. Short- and long-term chilling decreased plant growth. Higher concentrations of ascorbate and glutathione were found in the chilling-treated plants throughout the different period of growth in comparison with those in the control plants. The activities of superoxide dismutase, ascorbate peroxidase, and glutathione reductase increased in the chilling-treated seedlings while activities of catalase and peroxidase and of β-carotene content decreased in young chilling-treated plants and slightly increased in older ones.
__label__0, For interpretation of intraspecific polymorphism and the considerable differences in the size of mtDNAs among three groups of A. carbonarius, restriction maps were constructed from several enzymes. Functional maps were also developed to compare genome organisations and gene content. The appearance of various mtDNAs of A. carbonarius strains are different in size, but their gene content is almost identical. The 1.1 kb size difference between two closely related subgroups (1a, 1b) can be attributed to the presence or absence of an intron in cox2 gene. This phenomenon demonstrates that the migration of introns is possibly responsible for the development of variable mitochondrial genomes in nature. The striking differences in size and restriction patterns between two main mtDNA groups might derive from both the intronal variations and the altered intergenic organisation.
__label__0, Acetylsalicylic acid, which applied to cotyledons of the short day plant Pharbitis nil prior to an inductive 16-h dark period inhibits flowering by 90 %, is converted to salicylic acid and to a lesser extent to gentisic acid in the cotyledons during this 16-h dark period. Our results confirmed that salicylic acid and gentisic acid are responsible for the inhibition of flowering. They also inhibit prostaglandin biosynthesis.
__label__0, A cDNA clone from a mouse testis cDNA library was isolated by the transcomplementation method using a Schizosaccharomyces pombe meiotic mutant (sme2) that is defective in meiosis I. The cDNA clone isolated has an open reading frame encoding 302 amino acids constituting a protein with a strong similarity to mouse poly(A) binding protein II (mPABII) and bovine poly(A) binding protein II (PABII). PABII is known to bind to the growing poly(A) tail and stimulates poly(A) polymerase, which catalyzes the polymerization of the mRNA poly(A) tail. Northern blot analysis of the cDNA clone identified as mPABII revealed a single transcript of 1.2 kb. This was detectable exclusively in adult testis. Immunohistochemical analysis using a polyclonal antibody demonstrated that mPABII protein was expressed in the nucleus at specific stages from late pachytene spermatocytes to round spermatids. Genetic mapping showed the Pabp3 gene encoding mPABII to be located near position 19.5 on mouse chromosome 14. These results suggest that mPABII might be involved in specific spermatogenetic cell differentiation.
__label__0, Correlates of heterosexual behavior, with a particular focus on early and high sexual activity, anal intercourse, prostitute visits, and HIV test activity, were studied. Telephone interviews were conducted with 852 randomly chosen persons who participated as controls in nationwide case–control studies of anogenital cancers in Denmark and Sweden, 1992–1998. While partner numbers and the practice of anal intercourse increased, age at sexual debut declined by 4–5 years (p < 0.001) and the maturation interval between menarche and first coitus halved (from 7 to 3 years, p < 0.001) between persons born in or before 1920 and those born in or after 1960. Women having high sexual activity were more often tested for HIV than less sexually active women, but men visiting prostitutes and those with prior STDs were not HIV tested more than other men. The increasing practice of anal intercourse, particularly among women with many partners, deserves attention, since this practice may erroneously be considered a safe sexual activity. Along with their partners, men with a history of STDs and those visiting prostitutes should be targeted in future safe sex campaigns, since these men appear to be inadequately HIV tested.
__label__0, Our primary goal in community psychiatry is to satisfy the service needs of a bounded population for whose mental health we have accepted responsibility and accountability. We base our programs on public health practice models: These direct us to focus on segments of our population which are currently exposed to harmful bio-psycho-social factors that increase their risk of becoming mentally ill. We focus on preventing psychosocial problems or their consequences by reducing their population rates: either the incidence of new cases (primary prevention), the prevalence of all existing cases (secondary prevention), and the rates of residual disability (tertiary prevention). We increase our efficiency and effectiveness by organizing our program on the basis of crisis theory which demands that we reach out to people in crisis and provide them with immediate guidance and help to master their current difficulties during the short period when they are open to influence and amenable to change in ways that have long term mental health consequences. We spread our own influence by organizing support groups and we multiply many-fold our impact on the huge problems involved in covering the needs of our population by recruiting the collaboration of other professional caregivers and non-professional helpers. We enhance the mental health component in the daily work of all caregiving agencies and institutions and individual professionals in the community through education and mental health consultation and collaboration. We also reach out to assist non-professional caregiving individuals and organizations, especially those who provide mutual help to fellow sufferers. In our latest work we are currently identifying harmful practices in our caregiving systems that actually harm those people whom we are trying to help. We are in the process of developing methods for reducing this system-generated damage.
__label__0, The personality characteristics of male clients of female sex workers and their motivations for seeking the services of sex workers were examined. It was hypothesized that clients of sex workers would differ from nonclients in that they would adopt less feminine sex roles, exhibit lower social–sexual effectiveness, and show higher levels of sensation-seeking behavior. Sixty-six clients of sex workers and 60 nonclients volunteered to complete a short questionnaire to assess demographic characteristics, sex role, social–sexual effectiveness, and sensation-seeking behavior. Clients and nonclients did not differ on demographic variables such as age, education, marital status, or occupation. However, clients were significantly less feminine in sex-role orientation, scored lower in social–sexual effectiveness, and scored higher on sensation seeking. Closer analysis of the client group revealed the existence of two distinct subgroups. The first was characterized by low social–sexual effectiveness and appeared motivated to visit sex workers because of an interpersonal need for intimacy. The second was characterized by high sensation seeking and appeared motivated to visit sex workers because of a need for novelty and variety in sexual encounters.
__label__0, A short-term selection study for contextual fear conditioning was conducted as a confirmational strategy to analyze the chromosomal locations of five previously mapped contextual fear conditioning quantitative trait loci (QTLs). The founding population was a C57BL/6 (B6) × DBA/2 (D2) F2 intercross. High and low lines were selected for three generations based on contextual fear conditioning scores. Fear conditioning was quantified as the percentage of time spent in a “frozen” posture when placed back into the chamber, where a mild footshock and a tone had been paired with exposure to the context 24 h earlier. Allele frequencies of at least three SSLP DNA markers linked to each of the five QTLs were determined in each generation. As the selection progressed, the frequency of D2 alleles decreased in the low line and increased in the high line for chromosomes 1 and 16, while the opposite was observed in chromosomes 2, 3, and 10. The direction of divergence for alleles on these five chromosomes is consistent with the original QTL mapping study. Differences between the lines in D2 allele frequencies were found to be significant for markers on chromosomes 2, 3, and 16 but did not reach significance on chromosomes 1 or 10. In general, the results are in good agreement with our original fear conditioning QTL mapping study and provide further evidence that these QTLs regulate variation in contextual fear conditioning in crosses of B6 and D2 mice.
__label__0, In order to achieve efficient calculations and easy interpretations of symmetries, a strategy for investigations in tetrad formalisms is outlined: work in an intrinsic tetrad using intrinsic coordinates. The key result is that a vector field ξ is a Killing vector field if and only if there exists a tetrad which is Lie derived with respect to ξ; this result is translated into the GHP formalism using a new generalised Lie derivative operator Ł ξ with respect to a vector field ξ. We identify a class of it intrinsic GHP tetrads, which belongs to the class of GHP tetrads which is generalised Lie derived by this new generalised Lie derivative operator Ł ξ in the presence of a Killing vector field ξ. This new operator Ł ξ also has the important property that, with respect to an intrinsic GHP tetrad, it commutes with the usual GHP operators if and only if ξ is a Killing vector field. Practically, this means, for any spacetime obtained by integration in the GHP formalism using an intrinsic GHP tetrad, that the Killing vector properties can be deduced from the tetrad or metric using the Lie-GHP commutator equations, without a detailed additional analysis. Killing vectors are found in this manner for a number of special spaces.
__label__0, We derive an equation for the acceleration of a fluid element in the spherical gravitational collapse of a bounded compact object made up of an imperfect fluid. We show that non-singular as well as singular solutions arise in the collapse of a fluid initially at rest and having only a tangential pressure. We obtain an exact solution of the Einstein equations, in the form of an infinite series, for collapse under tangential pressure with a linear equation of state. We show that if a singularity forms in the tangential pressure model, the conditions for the singularity to be naked are exactly the same as in the model of dust collapse.
__label__0, The paper presents some general relations obtaining in relativistic cosmology. It appears from these that a simple change over to anisotropy without the introduction of spin does not solve any of the outstanding difficulties of isotropic cosmological models.
__label__0, We calculate the free energy and the entropy of a scalar field in terms of the brick-wall method on the background of the Reissner–Nordström black hole. We obtain the entropy of a scalar field is not only related to the location of an outer horizon but also is the function of the location of an inner horizon. In the approximation, the entropy is only proportional to the area of an outer horizon. The entropy expressed by location parameter of outer and inner horizon approaches zero, when the radiation temperature of a black hole approaches absolute zero. It satisfies the Nernst theorem.
__label__0, The Newtonian limit of general relativity is by no means as straightforward as is commonly assumed. In particular, the correct limit of the Bianchi identities must be taken to the second (non-linear) order. Furthermore Newtonian cosmology does not have a well-posed initial value formulation, while relativistic cosmology does. We show in this paper that the c -4 approximation of general relativity, although non-linear, provides a non-standard version of Newtonian theory which is in fact completely equivalent to the Heckmann–Schücking version of Newtonian cosmology. The next approximation (order c -6), when the limit is taken in a particular way, gives rise to a closed and self-consistent post-Newtonian cosmological theory which has a well-posed initial value problem. This seems to be a suitable, if somewhat complicated, theory for cosmological and astrophysical problems
__label__0, A general inventory of the views on sex reassignment and attitudes toward transsexuals in Sweden was attemped. Whether the view on these matters differ between people embracing biological theories in explanation of transsexualism and those embracing psychological theories was tested. Third, whether men and the older age groups hold a different view on transsexualism than women and younger age groups was investigated. For these purposes, in October–December 1998, a questionnaire was mailed to a randomly selected national sample of 992 Swedish residents; 668 persons returned the questionnaire, giving a 67% response rate. Results showed that a majority supports the possibility for transsexuals to undergo sex reassignment; however, 63% thought that the individual should bear the expenses for it. In addition, a majority supported transsexuals' right to get married in their new sex and their right to work with children. Transsexuals' right to adopt and raise children was supported by 43%, whereas 41% were opposed. Results indicated that those who believed that transsexualism is caused by biological factors had a less restrictive view on transsexualism than people who held a psychological view. Men and the older age group were found to hold a more restrictive view on these issues than women and the younger age group. Future studies should address these questions to elucidate differences between cultures and the process of change in attitudes over time.
__label__0, This study examined the relation of two cognitive variables, depressive cognitions and perfectionism, to the hopelessness experienced by adolescent suicide attempters. Adolescent suicide attempters (N = 68) were administered three measures assessing cognitive characteristics commonly associated with adolescent suicidal behavior: the Child and Adolescent Perfectionism Scale (CAPS), the Depressive Experiences Questionnaire for Adolescents (DEQ-A), and the Hopelessness Scale for Children (HSC). Socially prescribed perfectionism on the CAPS and self-criticism on the DEQ-A were both highly correlated with HSC. Regression analyses indicated that perfectionism was significantly related to hopelessness, but this relationship was attenuated after the effects of depressive cognitions on hopelessness were controlled. Self-criticism was the cognitive variable most strongly associated with hopelessness suggesting that it is a more important focus for cognitive interventions in adolescent suicide attempters than perfectionism.
__label__0, We have hybridized the vertebrate telomeric sequence (TTAGGG)n on DNA compositional fractions from 13 mammalian species and 3 avian species, representing 9 and 3 orders, respectively. Our results indicate that the 50- to 100-kb fragments derived from telomeric regions are composed of GC-rich and GC-richest isochores. Previous works from our laboratory demonstrated that single-copy sequences from the human H3 isochore family (the GC-richest and gene-richest isochore in the human genome) share homology with compositionally correlated compartments of warm-blooded vertebrates. This correlation suggested that the GC-richest isochores are, as in the human genome, the gene-richest regions of warm-blooded vertebrates' genome. Moreover, this evidence suggests that telomeric regions are the most gene-dense region of all warm-blooded vertebrates. The implications of these findings are discussed.
__label__0, A class of theories of gravitation that naturally incorporates preferred frames of reference is presented. The underlying space-time geometry consists of a partial parallelization of space-time and has properties of Riemann—Cartan as well as teleparallel geometry. Within this geometry, the kinematic quantities of preferred frames are associated with torsion fields. Using a variational method, it is shown in which way action functionals for this geometry can be constructed. For a special action the field equations are derived and the coupling to spinor fields is discussed.
__label__0, Allozyme and mitochondrial gene diversities were estimated in house flies, Musca domestica L. (Diptera: Muscidae), sampled in Iowa, USA; Berkshire, England; and Kudang, The Gambia. Comparison of genomic allele frequencies among the three populations indicated small differences between the English and American samples but very large distances between English or American and the African. The F ST statistic was 0.65 ± 0.09 for allozymes. Pairwise F ST was 0.14 between the English and the American samples; F ST was 0.65 between the African population and the English and American. Mitochondrial variation in the same flies was assessed by SSCP methods which revealed nine haplotypes, none of which were shared in common. F ST was 0.637 for the mitochondrial haplotypes. The research indicates greatly restricted gene flow between Africa and the temperate regions.
__label__0, Properly formulated probiotic-containing foods offer consumers a low risk, low cost dietary component that has the potential to promote health in a variety of ways. Several such products are available commercially, although markets in Japan and Europe are more developed than in the USA. Once healthful attributes of a probiotic product have been identified, there remain microbiological, product, regulatory and labeling issues to be addressed prior to marketing. Microbiological and product issues include safety, effective scale-up for manufacturing, definition of probiotic activity, probiotic stability in the product over the course of product manufacture, shelf-life and consumption, definition of effective dose and target population(s), and development of quality assurance approaches. Examples of probiotic-containing foods are given. Regulatory and labeling issues are complicated because they differ for each country, but are likewise critical because they provide the means for c ommunication of the product benefits to the consumer. The regulatory climate worldwide appears to be one of caution about overstating the benefits of such products but at the same time not preventing corporate commitment to marketing.
__label__0, Lactococcus lactis is an AT-rich gram positive bacterium phylogenetically close to the genus Streptococcus. Various strains of L. lactis are used in dairy industry as starters for cheese making. L. lactis is also one of the well characterized laboratory microorganisms, widely used for studies on physiology of lactic acid bacteria. We describe here a low redundancy sequence of the genome of the strain L. lactis IL1403. The strategy which we followed to determine the sequence consists of two main steps. First, a limited number of plasmids and λ-phages that carry random segments of the genome were sequenced. Second, sequences of the inserts were used for production of novel sequencing templates by applying Multiplex Long Accurate PCR protocols. Using of these PCR products allowed to determine the sequence of the entire 2.35 Mb genome with a very low redundancy, close to 2. The error rate of the sequence is estimated to be below 1%. The correctness of the sequence ass embly was confirmed by PCR amplification of the entire L. lactis IL1403 genome, using a set of 266 oligonucleotides. Anotation of the sequence was undertaken by using automatic gene prediction computer tools. This allowed to identify 1495 protein-encoding genes, to locate them on the genome map and to classify their functions on the basis of homology to known proteins. The function of about 700 genes expected to encode proteins that lack homologs in data bases cannot be reliably predicted in this way. The approach which we used eliminates high redundancy sequencing and mapping efforts, needed to obtain detailed and comprehensive genetic and physical maps of a bacterium.Availability of detailed genetic and physical maps of the L. lactis IL1403 genome provides many entries to study metabolism and physiology of bacteria from this group. The presence of 42 copies of five different IS elements in the IL1403 genome confirms the importance of these elements for genetic exchange in Lact ococci. These include two previously unknown elements, present at seven and fifteen copies and designated IS1077 and IS983, respectively. Five potential or rudimentary prophages were identified in the genome by detecting clusters of phage-related genes. The metabolic and regulatory potential of L. lactis was evaluated by inspecting gene sets classified into different functional categories. L. lactis has the genetic potential to synthesise 20 standard amino acids, purine and pyrimidine nucleotides and at least four cofactors. Some of these metabolites, which are usually present in chemically defined media, can probably be omitted. About twenty compounds can be used by L. lactis as a sole carbon source. Some 83 regulators were revealed, indicating a regulatory potential close to that of Haemophilus influenzae, a bacterium with a similar genome size. Unexpectedly, L. lactis has a complete set of late competence genes, which may have concerted transcriptional regulation and unleadered po lycistronic mRNAs. These findings open new possibilities for developing genetic tools, useful for studies of gene regulation in AT-rich gram positive bacteria and for engineering of new strains for the diary industry.
__label__0, Although biological findings currently dominate the research literature on the determinants of sexual orientation, biological theorizing has not yet spelled out a developmental path by which any of the various biological correlates so far identified might lead to a particular sexual orientation. The Exotic-Becomes-Erotic (EBE) theory of sexual orientation (Bem, 1996) attempts to do just that, by suggesting how biological variables might interact with experiential and sociocultural factors to influence an individual's sexual orientation. Evidence for the theory is reviewed, and a path analysis of data from a large sample of twins is presented which yields preliminary support for the theory's claim that correlations between genetic variables and sexual orientation are mediated by childhood gender non-conformity.
__label__0, The enteric flora comprise approximately 95% of the total number of cells in the human body and are capable of eliciting immune responses while also protecting against microbial pathogens. However, the resident bacterial flora of the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) may also be implicated in the pathogenesis of several chronic conditions such as inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). The University College Cork-based Probiotic Research Group has successfully isolated and identified lactic acid bacteria (LAB) which exhibit beneficial probiotic traits. These characteristics include the demonstration of bile tolerance; acid resistance; adherence to host epithelial tissue; and in vitro antagonism of potentially-pathogenic micro-organisms or those which have been implicated in promoting inflammation. The primary objective of this report is to describe the strategy adopted for the selection of potentially effective probiotic bacteria. The study further describes the evaluation of two m embers of the resulting panel of micro-organisms (Lactobacillus salivarius subsp. salivarius UCC118 and Bifidobacterium longum infantis 35624) under in vitro conditions and throughout in vivo murine and human feeding trials. Specifically, an initial feeding study completed in Balb/c mice focused upon (i) effective delivery of the probiotic micro-organisms to the GIT and evaluation of the ability of the introduced strains to survive transit through, and possibly colonise, the murine GIT; (ii) accepting the complexity of the hostile GIT and faecal environments, development of a method of enumerating the introduced bacterial strains using conventional microbiological techniques; and (iii) assessment of the effects of administered bacterial strains on the numbers of specific recoverable indigenous bacteria in the murine GIT and faeces. Additional research, exploiting the availability of murine models of inflammatory bowel disease, demonstrated the beneficial effects of administering probi otic combinations of Lactobacillus salivarius UCC118 and Bifidobacterium longum infantis 35624 in prevention of illness-related weight loss. A further ethically-approved feeding trial, successfully conducted in 80 healthy volunteers, demonstrated that yoghurt can be used as a vehicle for delivery of Lactobacillus salivarius strain UCC118 to the human GIT with considerable efficacy in influencing gut flora and colonisation.
__label__0, A new family of murine endogenous proviruses (VL6.0) is described here. The intact provirus is near 6 kb in length and shows a genomic organization of 5" LTR, gag, pol, env, and 3" LTR. The primer binding site (PBS) is that of a tRNAgly. The lack of functional open reading frames and occurrence of significant gaps in most, if not all, members of this group show it to be ancient. Our estimate of copy number per haploid genome is 30+. Members of this group have been isolated from Mus musculus domesticus, M. m. casteneus, M. m. hortulanus, M. caroli, and M. spretus. The occurrence of these sequences throughout such diverse members of the genus Mus may indicate that the date of the original infection predated the divergence of the extant Mus lineages at around 2.5 million years ago. Analysis of gap (deletion/insertion) patterns indicates that these sequences may have proliferated within the Mus genome by a mechanism of reverse transcriptase-mediated transposition. As yet, there are no closely related murine retroviruses described. The closest mammalian retrovirus based on sequence similarity is from the miniature swine (Sus scrofa).
__label__0, In this paper we give, for the first time, a complete description of the dynamics of tilted spatially homogeneous cosmologies of Bianchi type II. The source is assumed to be a perfect fluid with equation of state p = (γ − 1)μ, where γ) is a constant. We show that unless the perfect fluid is stiff, the tilt destabilizes the Kasner solutions, leading to a Mixmaster-like initial singularity, with the tilt being dynamically significant. At late times the tilt becomes dynamically negligible unless the equation of state parameter satisfies γ > \(\gamma\; > \;\tfrac {10} {7}\). We also find that the tilt does not destabilize the flat FL model, with the result that the presence of tilt increases the likelihood of intermediate isotropization.
__label__0, This paper addresses the strange bedfellowship between psychoanalysis and cinema since the century's turn. Its specific focus is the idiosyncratic psychoanalysis/psychotherapy “practised” in mainstream cinema and television. “Cinetherapists” have consistently fallen into one of three categories: Dr. Dippy, a focus of derision, weirder than his patients; Dr. Evil, Hollywood's psychiatric version of the mad, bad scientist; and the unfailingly benevolent, self-sacrificing Dr. Wonderful. The prevalence of these stereotypes has waxed and waned according to shifting cultural circumstances. The study concludes with reflections on the possible impact, deleterious or otherwise, of distorted filmic images of the “impossible profession.”
__label__0, The stereotyped hyperkinesis referred to as pendulum movements (PM) may be found in up to 50% of the animals in stocks of Wistar rats. The mode of inheritance of predisposition to PM was studied by two methods: 1) a classical Mendelian analysis of hybrids of the strains PM+ and PM− bred from Wistar stock for enhancement and absence of PM, respectively, and 2) a segregation analysis of pedigree data from the archive records of breeding the cataleptic GC strain. The two methods gave the same result: the inheritance of predisposition to PM can be explained by a major gene model with an incomplete penetrance of heterozygous genotype.
__label__0, The shoot apices of ten groundnut interspecific hybrids, showing peanut stripe virus symptoms were used as explants. Murashige and Skoog (MS) medium containing 1 mg dm-3 each of naphthaleneacetic acid (NAA) and benzylaminopurine (BAP) supported maximum callusing of the hybrids J 11 × Arachis sp. PI 30008 as well as J 11 × A. sp. Manfredi # 5 (86.3 and 82.6 %, respectively). On MS medium with 3.5 mg dm-3 NAA and 0.2 mg dm-3 BAP, the meristems of J 11 × A. stenosperma as well as J 11 × A. otavioi gave good response (79.7 and 77.2 %). The regeneration frequencies ranged from 16.7 to 76.9 % and was more than 30 % in all hybrids except for J 11 × PI 30085. Shoots (5 cm) regenerated from the virus-free (ELISA tested) calli rooted well (60 – 80 %) on MS basal medium supplemented with 0.4 % activated charcoal and 200 mg dm-3 casein hydrolysate. In addition, long shoots which failed to produce roots, when transferred to soil during rainy season and protected from direct sun got established.
__label__0, Purpose: No consensus currently exists on the optimal method for intraocular (IOL) implantation without capsular support. We evaluated the outcome and angiographic findings of eyes that underwent the implantation of scleral fixated IOLs. Methods: Iris and retinal fluorescein angiography were performed in 13 eyes that had received posterior chamber IOL implantation with scleral fixation. Follow-up examinations also assessed visual acuity (VA), intraocular pressure (IOP), IOL decentration and complications related to the procedure. Results: Mean visual acuity was 0.29 preoperatively and 0.71 postoperatively after a mean follow-up of 14.2 months. A best corrected visual acuity of 0.5 or better was obtained in 12 eyes. Iris fluorescein angiography did not show major vascular abnormalities. Retinal angiography showed 5 cases of macular edema. In 6 eyes light-induced retinal lesions occurred. Cellophane maculopathy was disclosed in 4 eyes. Macular edema was associated with photic injury in 4 cases and with cellophane maculopathy in 2 cases. Mean postoperative visual acuity was 0.6 in eyes with macular edema and 0.88 in eyes without (SD 0.18; range 0.5–1.0). Four of 5 eyes with macular edema had a postoperative visual acuity of 0.5 or better. There was no evidence of persistent IOP elevation or IOL decentration. No serious complications were recorded during surgery. Conclusions: Transscleral fixation of posterior chamber IOLs provides adequate visual acuity in most patients. Macular edema was frequently associated with the procedure. Although this complication was a cause of low visual recovery after implantation, the majority of eyes with macular edema achieved a visual acuity of 0.5 or better. Light-induced retinal injury was a permanent complication.
__label__0, Rather than being a non-specific reaction to a noxious stimulus, breakdown of the capillary blood-retinal barrier causing macular edema appears to be dependent on a number of active processes which may be open to pharmacological manipulation. Extracellular influences which may affect barrier function include serum and neighboring cell types, which act though cytokines, such as vascular endothelial growth factor and transforming growth factor-ß, and other factors. A number of intracellular pathways acting on the cytoskeleton and components of the intercellular junctional complexes have been identified which mediate agonist-induced leak of the vascular endothelium. The further elucidation of these processes may be useful in the development of better treatments for breakdown of the inner blood-retinal barrier.
__label__0, The activities of enzymes involved in ammonia metabolism ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase (Fd-GOGAT), glutamine synthetase (GS) and glutamate dehydrogenase (GDH), the rates of photosynthetic oxygen evolution, dark respiration, and the activity of RuBP carboxylase (RuBPC) were determined in alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) leaves taken from the apex (apical leaves), from the second to the fourth internode (mature leaves) and from the bottom of the canopy (basal leaves). Photosynthetic rate and the activities of RuBPC, GS and Fd-GOGAT showed their maximum in the mature leaves. The respiration rate together with amino acid and ammonium contents decreased with leaf age, whereas the opposite was true for GDH activity. Basal leaves still maintained substantial levels of chlorophylls, GS and Fd-GOGAT activities and oxygen evolution rate, thus suggesting that photosynthesis has some role in the reassimilation of the nitrogen liberated during protein degradation.
__label__0, In Ann. of Math. 121 (1985), 111–168, Coleman defines p-adic Abelian integrals on curves. Given a family of curves X/S, a differential ω and two sections s and t, one can define a function λω on S by λω(P)=\({\int {}}\)  s(P) t(P)ω P . In this paper, we prove that λω is locally analytic on S.
__label__0, Dissimilatory sulfite reductase (DsrAB) of the sulfate-reducing bacterium Desulfovibrio vulgaris Hildenborough is an α2β2 tetramer of 180 kDa, encoded by the dsr operon. In addition to the dsrA and dsrB genes, this operon contains a gene (dsrD) encoding a protein of only 78 amino acids. Although, the function of DsrD is currently unknown, the presence of a dsrD gene has been demonstrated in a variety of sulfate-reducing bacteria and archaea. DsrD was expressed in Escherichia coli at a very high level and purified to homogeneity. Protein blotting experiments, using antisera raised against purified DsrD, demonstrated that it is expressed constitutively in D. vulgaris and does not copurify with DsrAB. Spectroscopic analysis of DsrD indicated that it does not bind either sulfite or sulfide, the substrate and product, respectively of the reaction catalyzed by DsrAB. Thus, although the conservation of this protein and its demonstrated presence in D. vulgaris, suggest an essential function in dissimilatory sulfite reduction, this function remains to be elucidated.
__label__0, In Solanum nigrum, the initiation of root primordia occurred directly on stem explants or microshoots cultured on half strength MS medium supplemented with 1 mg dm−3 indolebutyric acid (IBA), indole-3-acetic acid, or naphthalene acetic acid, IBA being most effective. Initiation of shoot primordia occurred on B5 medium supplemented with 0.5 mg dm−3 benzylaminopurine (BAP) or kinetin; BAP was more active. During shoot formation, the increased content and the expression of new isoenzymes of peroxidase (POX), esterase and malate dehydrogenase was found. On the other side, expression of new indophenol peroxidase isoenzyme was detected during root formation. Organogenesis of S. nigrum has no effect on glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase and glutamate dehydrogenase content. Differential expression of POX could be detected between basal and upper side of explants.
__label__0, Respirometric experiments demonstrated that the oxygen uptake by Thiobacillus ferrooxidans strain LR was not inhibited in the presence of 200 mM copper. Copper-treated and untreated cells from this T. ferrooxidans strain were used in growth experiments in the presence of cadmium, copper, nickel and zinc. Growth in the presence of copper was improved by the copper-treated cells. However, no growth was observed for these cells, within 190 h of culture, when cadmium, nickel and zinc were added to the media. Changes in the total protein synthesis pattern were detected by two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis for T. ferrooxidans LR cells grown in the presence of different heavy metals. Specific proteins were induced by copper (16, 28 and 42 kDa) and cadmium (66 kDa), whereas proteins that had their synthesis repressed were observed for all the heavy metals tested. Protein induction was also observed in the cytosolic and membrane fractions from T. ferrooxidans LR cells grown in the presence of copper. The level of protein phosphorylation was increased in the presence of this metal.
__label__0, Micropropagation and Agrobacterium-mediated transformation were developed in Kalmia latifolia cv. Ostbo Red. The transformation of Kalmia latifolia plants was carried out by an Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain containing the nptII and gusA genes in its T-DNA. Shoots were regenerated on kanamycin selection medium and the expression of the gusA reporter gene was verified by fluorogenic β-glucuronidase (GUS) assay in a few vegetative generations after regeneration. The presence of the gusA gene in regenerated kanamycin resistant plants was detected by polymerase chain reaction.
__label__0, Macular edema is a common feature of posterior segment diseases. It is an expression of abnormal permeability in either retinal vessels (inner blood-retinal barrier) or in the retinal pigment epithelium (outer blood-retinal barrier). It occurs in either a diffuse pattern where the macula appears generally thickened or, in more severe cases, as cystoid edema with the typical petaloid appearance. Grid laser treatment may be useful to reduce macular edema. Spots of 100–250 micrometers in diameter are applied to the whole posterior pole, one to two groups apart. The foveal avascular zone remains untouched. In patients treated bilaterally, areas temporal and nasal to the macula must be spared to prevent the development of deep scotomas. The mechanism yielding positive results with the grid technique is still debated. Among the most reliable hypotheses are: Proliferation of pigment epithelial cells, followed by and improved efficiency of the outer blood-retinal barrier; proliferation of endothelial cells in retinal capillaries followed by an improved efficiency of the inner blood-retinal barrier; improvement of the retinochoroidal exchanges, and finally, release by coagulative necrosis of a factor able to improve the efficiency of the blood-retinal barriers. Lasers with long wavelengths, such as krypton red and diode, are the most appropriate ones to perform grid treatment.
__label__0, Werner Ernst Reichardt was born on January 30, 1924 in Berlin and at age 19 was drafted into the Luftwaffe and assigned to an electronic signals section laboratory. He became an active member of a resistance group and supplied radios for the movement in Germany. He emerged from the ashes of the Second World War and dedicated his scientific life to the development of the newborn specialty of biological physics. Following graduation from the Technische Hochschule Charlottenburg, he did a fellowship at CalTech under Max Delbrück. On returning to Germany he joined the Max Planck Institut and later became Director of the Max Planck Institut für Biologische Kybernetik in Tübingen, West Germany. Reichardt was one of the founders of the quantitative study of visually controlled orientation in animals. His work is very nearly unique in its close dialectic between elegant non-linear mathematical theory and quantitative experimental test of their predictions. During the 1950s Reichardt and his collaborators jointly developed an autocorrelation model (i.e. the firing rate of the involved visual neurones is closely correlated with the features of the pattern stimulating them) of how moving patterns are perceived by motion detectors in the visual system of the fly. This was the first mathematical description of a biological abstraction process. His findings apply to vertebrate vision, including motion detection and figure-ground description in human vision. His Max Planck Institute became a world renowned center for the computational approach to information processing by the nervous system. At his retirement party from the Institute he founded, Reichardt died on the evening of September 11th, 1992.
__label__0, In this paper, we introduce a new way of studying derivatives of L-functions of cusp forms by associating to them cocycles analogous, in function, to the period polynomial. The main result gives a description of the effect of Hecke operators on these cocycles.
__label__0, The paper examines the task of Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) criticallyand compares it with Part of Speech (POS) tagging, arguing that the abilityof a writer to create new senses distinguishes the tasks and makes it moreproblematic to test WSD by the mark-up-and-model paradigm, because newsenses cannot be marked up against dictionaries. This serves to set WSDapart and puts limits on its effectiveness as an independent NLP task.Moreover, it is argued that current WSD methods based on very small wordsamples are also potentially misleading because they may or may not scaleup. Since all-word WSD methods are now available and are producing figurescomparable to the smaller scale tasks, it is argued that we shouldconcentrate on the former and find ways of bootstrapping test materialsfor such tests in the future.
__label__0, We review different spacetimes that contain nonchronal regions separated from the causal regions by chronology horizons and investigate their connection with some important aspects one would expect to be present in a final theory of quantum gravity, including: stability to classical and quantum metric fluctuations, boundary conditions of the universe and gravitational topological defects corresponding to spacetime kinks.
__label__0, I describe the case of a self-mutilating adolescent girl and my dilemma, as her therapist, about telling her parents about her self-abuse. I use two complementary, mutually enhancing relational theories of trauma—Ferenczi's (1933) and Davies and Frawley's (1994)—to help understand the minefield I was in. Davies and Frawley describe certain relational configurations that are typical of trauma victims. I believe that it is not only unavoidable but therapeutically vital for therapists to participate in these configurations so they can know the patient's experience in a personal way. It is also crucial that they be witnesses who provide recognition for the patient's pain and, in so doing, relieve the intolerable feeling of isolation that Ferenczi proposed was the most basic trauma. In addition, I discuss the observation that some people who have not been previously traumatized in any gross way manifest characteristics of trauma.
__label__0, High and low contrast multifocal ERG (MF-ERG) recordings were obtained from the right eyes of 24 patients with OAG (high-tension OAG: n=16, low-tension OAG: n=8) and compaired to those recorded from 18 healthy volunteers. High contrast MF-ERG recordings were obtained at a mean luminance of 100 cd/m2 with a contrast of 99%, while low contrast MF-ERGs were obtained at a mean luminance of 100 cd/m2 with a contrast of 50%. During MF-ERG recordings the central 50 degrees of the retina were stimulated by 103 hexagons. A MF-ERG recording lasted eight minutes, a M-sequence of 215 was used. The first order response component (KI, mean focal flash response) and the first and second slice of the second order response component (mean focal two flash interaction of flashes one, KII. 1, or two, KII.2, base intervals apart) were analyzed for group differences. Group differences were found mainly in latency measures. These included a delay in the central response average of the first positive peak, P1, in KII.2 (p≤0.05) in OAG high contrast recordings. Low contrast recordings showed a significant delay in the central response average of the first negative peak, N1, in KII.2 as well as in the peripheral response average of N1 in KI and of P1 in KII.2 (p<0.05) in OAG. Amplitudes were only affected significantly in KI of the low contrast recordings. Here the amplitude N1P1 was significantly higher in high tension (n=16) than in low tension (n=8) OAG patients. However, an overlap in all of the response parameters tested allowed only group differences to be characterized. Under these stimulus conditions, neither high contrast recordings nor low contrast recordings seem sensitive enough to reliably recognize early glaucomatous retinal dysfunction.
__label__0, Researchers investigating premature ejaculation (PE) have employed widely diverse definitions of it, thereby limiting progress in the field. This study summarizes available research on PE, notes patterns that emerge from these studies, compares patterns across several types of studies, and suggests a common model for defining PE groups to guide future research. We surveyed two bibliographic databases, identifying 45 studies employing a definition or description of a PE group. From these, we extracted a range of information, including descriptions of the participants, recruitment procedures, if PE subtypes were identified, operational criteria for PE classification, relationship and partner information, and additional inclusion/exclusion criteria. Over 50% of studies reported no criteria, or relied on simple self-identification by participants to establish the PE group. Quantifiable behavioral criteria were used in 49% of the studies, with ejaculatory latency reported most frequently. This measure was also used as a criterion more frequently in studies focusing on assessment of sexual response, whereas the number of penile thrusts was used more frequently in studies prior to 1989. Partner information was often included but seldom used as part of the assessment procedure. Progress on research and treatment of PE will continue to be limited by the absence of commonly accepted criteria for PE group membership and by a lack of identification of relevant PE subtypes and etiologies. This paper suggests a flowchart, based on data and a rational analysis of 40 years of research, for characterizing PE in ways that could assist the development of the field.
__label__0, Cone electroretinograms (ERGs) elicited by different chromatic stimuli were recorded from patients with typical retinitis pigmentosa (RP) younger than 50 years of age. Ganzfeld color flashes on a bright white background illumination were used to elicit short-wavelength-sensitive (S-), and mixed long- (L-) and middle- (M-) wavelength-sensitive cone ERGs. Three patients with dominant inheritance, 22 patients with non-dominant inheritance, and 27 age-similar normal subjects were compared. Although the b-wave amplitudes of both the S- and L,M-cone ERGs were reduced in the RP patients, the S-cones were reduced to a greater degree than the L,M-cones. No significant difference in the S-cone reduction was observed between patients with dominant inheritance and those with non-dominant inheritance. The selective reduction of the S-cone system, reported previously in psychophysical studies, may be attributable not only to the macular region but also to the entire retina.
__label__0, We examined embryonic carcinoma (EC) cells for a potential prototype molecule of C3, the third component of complement. PCR primers, corresponding to the base sequence derived from the C3 cDNA of several species, were used for PCR amplification of the EC cell cDNA. All the PCR products obtained had the same sequence and showed no sequence homology to C3. Subsequently, cDNA clones were isolated from a mouse liver cDNA library using the PCR product as a probe. Unexpectedly, neither the base sequence of the cDNA clones nor the amino acid sequence deduced from the cDNA showed homology to C3, although partial homology was observed to a number of sequences from EST databases. We designated this new clone NCU-G1. Northern hybridization experiments revealed that NCU-G1 is expressed constitutively not only in the mouse fetus but also in various mouse tissues, and is most abundant in the kidney cortex.
__label__0, The distribution of endogenous 3-hydroxylipins (3-OH oxylipins) in representatives of the Mucorales was mapped using immunofluorescence microscopy. Strains of each of the following genera were examined: Absidia, Actinomucor, Cunninghamella, Mortierella (subgenus Micromucor), Mortierella (subgenus Mortierella), Mucor and Rhizomucor. Immunofluorescence microscopy was carried out using an antibody that was raised against 3R-hydroxy-5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z-eicosatetraenoic acid (3R-HETE), which cross-reacts with other 3-OH oxylipins. Subsequently, the occurrence and distribution of the antibody on the various reproductive stages of each fungus was noted. In Absidia, Actinomucor, Mortierella (subgenus Micromucor), Mucor and Rhizomucor, 3-OH oxylipins were found to be associated with the columellae and/or wall of the sporangium. In the representative of Cunninghamella, the 3-OH oxylipins were associated with the single-spored sporangiola. No 3-OH oxylipins were detected in the strains representing Mortierella (subgenus Mortierella).
__label__0, A necessary first step in the psychosocial treatment of persons with severe mental illness is helping them identify their goals. Unfortunately, goal assessment is often viewed as a categorical process in which individuals list needs for which they require services. Motivational interviews provide a more sophisticated approach in which persons specify the costs and benefits to each of the needs in the list. Benefits define the reasons why a person should pursue a goal; costs define barriers to achieving that goal. The basic mechanisms for understanding and implementing motivational interviews are summarized. Ways to circumvent barriers to motivational interviews are also discussed.
__label__0, Stuttering is a developmental disorder of speech production that usually emerges in childhood. In this study, a large population-based twin sample from the Australian Twin Registry (1567 pairs and 634 singles aged 17–29 years) was screened to identify twin pairs in which one or both members reported themselves to be affected by stuttering. Telephone interview-based diagnoses were obtained for 457 of these individuals (self-reported affected cases, cotwins, and controls) to determine whether the self-report was correct. To correct for ascertainment bias we carried out a bivariate analysis of the final diagnosis in the selected sample with the screening item in the full sample, using the categorical raw data option of Mx 1.47c. After correcting for ascertainment bias, approximately 70% (95% confidence interval: 39–86%) of the variance in liability to stuttering was found to be attributable to additive genetic effects, with the remainder due to nonshared environmental effects.
__label__0, Electrophoretic analyses of non-reduced and reduced seed storage proteins from 34 cultivars of Capsicum annuum L. were performed on two gel systems. On the basis of clearly expressed difference in electrophoretic profiles of non-reduced proteins, the investigated cultivars were divided into two groups. The two observed phenotypes were genetically determined and related with intermediary subunits of 11S globulins and/or their oligomers.
__label__0, Reaction of 4-bromo-5-nitrophthalonitrile with aromatic and heterocyclic N- and O-nucleophiles in the presence of bases leads to the sequential substitution of the bromine atom and the nitro group to give the corresponding heterocyclic systems previously undescribed in the literature.
__label__0, The first insect cDNA and genomic sequences encoding pyrroline 5-carboxylate reductase (EC 1.5.1.2) have been isolated from Drosophila melanogaster. The cDNA sequence was identified by interspecies complementation of an E. coli proline auxotroph and encodes a protein 280 amino acids in length with 25–41% identity to pyrroline 5-carboxylate reductases isolated from other organisms. The corresponding gene is single copy and is located at cytological position 91E-F, and in one of the P1 clones in that region. With a single 61-bp intron, and an impressively small 135- to 200-bp region that presumably acts as a bidirectional promoter, the gene itself shows remarkable economy. The calculated molecular weight of 29,700 predicts that the native enzyme is likely an octomer. Sequencing of the promoter region and expression studies, as well as the known function of the enzyme in redox regulation and the high levels of free proline in insects, suggest that this housekeeping gene encodes an enzyme with a crucial role in intermediary metabolism.
__label__0, We suppose that folding of proteins occurs cotranslationally by the following scheme. The polypeptide chains enter the folding sites from protein translocation complexes (ribosome, translocation machinery incorporated in membranes) directionally with the N-terminus and gradually. The chain starts to fold as soon as its N-terminal residue enters the folding site from the translocation complex. The folding process accompanies the translocation of the chain to its folding site and is completed after the C-terminal residue leaves the translocation complex. Proteins fold in sequential stages, by translocation of their polypeptide into folding compartments. At each stage a particular conformation of the N-terminal part of the chain that has emerged from the translocation complex is formed. The formation of both the particular conformations of the N-terminal chain segment at each folding stage and the final native protein conformation at the last stage occurs in a time that does not exceed the duration of the fastest elongation cycle on the ribosome.
__label__0, Data in the literature up to 1998 on hetisane-type diterpenoid alkaloids isolated from plants of the generaAconitum, Consolida, Delphinium, Thalictrum,andSpireaare reviewed and systematized. Data on the chemistry and physicochemical methods of studying the structures and pharmacology of hetisane alkaloids are generalized. An alphabetical list of 107 hetisane alkaloids with an indication of the plant source, structure, characteristic derivatives, physicochemical data, and references to the original literature is presented
__label__0, Ethylene evolution changes were monitored during storage of apple fruits (Malus domestica Borkh., winter cultivar Mantuanskoe) treated with aminoethoxyvinylglycine and CoCl2. The storage of fruits was shown to be accompanied by changes in the activity of a protein inhibitor of polygalacturonase (PIPG). This inhibitor has been previously isolated from apple fruit tissues. The protein inhibitor of polygalacturonase was also shown to inhibit the activity of an enzyme produced by certain nonpathogenic fungi. The role of PIPG in apple fruit resistance to these fungi is discussed.
__label__0, It is proved that any subset of an (m-1)-dimensional sphere of volume larger than l(m+ 1) of the volume of the entire sphere contains l+ 1 points forming a regular l-dimensional simplex. As a corollary, it is obtained that, if the exterior of a given m-dimensional filled ellipsoid contains no more than the 1/(m+ 1) fraction of some sphere, then the volume of the ellipsoid is no less than the volume of the corresponding ball. The existence of a pair of points a given spherical distance apart in a set of positive measure is examined.
__label__0, Tone of sympathetic nerves to the heart was studied in rats and guinea pigs. Experiments with pharmacological blockade of the sympathetic nervous system and vagotomy confirmed the general notion on the absence of tonic effects of sympathetic nerves on the heart. Reduction of the heart rate reported previously probably attests to various experimental designs (type and depth of anesthesia, possible hypothermia, duration of observations, and pharmacological preparations). As differentiated from the vascular tone, the heart rate under rest conditions depends on the vagal tone and circulating humoral substances.
__label__0, An exact upper estimate is obtained for the dimension of the automorphism group of a 2-dimensional hypersurface in ℂ3 possessing a Lie group structure.
__label__0, A technique for studying burning processes based on their unsteadiness is proposed. The temperature and spectral dependences of emitting and absorbing characteristics of MgO particles and their mixtures with gases at high temperatures are studied. The rates obtained allow one to solve problems of radiative heat transfer. The problem of existence of equilibrium between the gaseous and condensed magnesium oxide in the combustion zone is discussed.
__label__0, Results of the three–dimensional simulation of the formation of a shaped–charge jet and the piercing of a steel target by a charge with a star–shaped liner are reported. The calculation results show the efficiency of the three–dimensional numerical technique TRÉK–UP used and the possibility of its applications to direct simulation of the problem considered. In addition, it is shown that one can optimize star–shaped charges significantly with a view to reaching higher efficiency.
__label__0, A plasmid vector for expression of bacteriophage T4 gene product 11 (gp11) in E. coli cells has been constructed. Gp11 is a baseplate protein that connects short tail fibers providing irreversible adsorption of the virus on a cell. A method based on chromatography on hydroxyapatite has been developed for purification of recombinant gp11. The protein is active in an in vitro complementation assay and transforms defective phage particles lacking gp11 into infective ones. Gel filtration data suggest that the biologically active protein is a trimer. According to CD spectroscopy and sequence analysis data, the polypeptide chain of gp11 contains not less than 20% α-helical segments, about 30% β-structure, and belongs to the class of α/β structural proteins.
__label__0, The occurrence of dioic, hydroxy, branched, and unsaturated fatty acids in cyanobacteria of the genus Aphanizomenon growing in different freshwater lakes has been studied. Unusual dicarboxylic (from 4.52 to 7.14%) and other fatty acids were identified by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS).
__label__0, In vitro effects of folic acid (10-5, 10-4, and 10-3 M) on activities of γ-glutamyltransferase and glutathione reductase, the enzymes involved in glutathione metabolism, were studied in tissue samples obtained after surgical treatment of the lungs and thymus. Folic acid did not change γ-glutamyltransferase activity in lung cancer tissue, but in thymoma tissue this substance in a concentration of 10-3 M inhibited it by 16%. Folic acid had no effects on glutathione reductase activity in benign tumors and normal lung and thymus tissues, but increased this activity in thymoma and lung cancer tissues. Activation of glutathione reductase was probably related to binding of folic acid in the allosteric center of the enzyme, which probably induced conformational changes in the catalytic center, acceleration of electron transport from NADPH2 to oxidized glutathione via flavin adenine nucleotide, and intense production of reduced glutathione.
__label__0, The renin–angiotensin system (RAS) is a system of enzymes and hormones that regulate blood pressure and electrolyte and fluid homeostasis in mammals. Angiotensin II (Ang-II) is one of the most important and well-known components of RAS. It is formed from the protein precursor angiotensinogen by the sequential actions of proteolytic enzymes. The classic pathway of Ang-II generation includes a reaction catalyzed by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE). However, there are alternative pathways for the generation of Ang-II. In this paper, possible routes of formation of Ang-II in the human body are reviewed. Various Ang-II-generating enzymes (tonin, cathepsin G, chymase, etc.) and their properties are considered. The classification of these enzymes is also considered.
__label__0, The interchange of two sets of spins in the level structure of219Ra observed following the alpha decay of223Th and the suggestion that the ground state of219Ra was not observed in the heavy ion reaction spectroscopy208Pb(14C, 3n), allow the correlation of these levels which were previously unconnected. The resulting level structure is interpreted in terms of\(K = \tfrac{1}{2}^ \pm \) and\(K = \tfrac{5}{2}^ \pm \) parity doublet bands which evolve from anomalous rotational structures into vibrational-like structures with alternating spins and parities. The level structure of219Ra is successfully interpreted both in terms of octupole deformed (ε 3=0.08) Nilsson levels and in terms of intermediate coupling using normal Nilsson levels with very strong octupole correlations. The levels in219Ra are then compared to the corresponding levels in a series of isotopic and isotonic nuclei to trace the collapse of octupole-quadrupole deformed nuclear structure into the more degenerate shell-model spectroscopy.
__label__0, Low-molecular-weight water-soluble chitosan (5 kDa) obtained after enzymatic hydrolysis of native crab chitosan was shown to display an elicitor activity by inducing the local and systemic resistance of Solanum tuberosum potato and Lycopesicon esculentum tomato to Phytophthora infestans and nematodes, respectively. Chitosan induced the accumulation of phytoalexins in tissues of host plants; decreased the total content; changed the composition of free sterols producing adverse effects on infesters; activated chitinases, β-glucanases, and lipoxygenases; and stimulated the generation of reactive oxygen species. The activation of protective mechanisms in plant tissues inhibited the growth of taxonomically different pathogens (parasitic fungus Phytophthora infestans and root knot nematode Meloidogyne incognita).
__label__0, Scanning electron microscopy demonstrated altered surface topography of peripheral erythrocytes in patients with nonpsychotic mental diseases, nonmetabolic mental retardation, and paranoid schizophrenia. Maximum decrease in the number of biconcave diskocytes and accumulation of transitional, prehemolytic, and degenerative forms of erythrocytes were found in schizophrenia.
__label__0, The reaction of rat parietal cortical vessels to stimulation of the sympathetic ganglion was studied by intravital microscopy. Stimulation induced constriction of cerebral arterioles. Clamping of one or both carotid arteries led to myogenic vasodilatation in the majority of cases. Constrictive response of brain arterioles to ganglion stimulation under conditions carotid occlusion did not differ from that under conditions of baseline cerebral blood supply.
__label__0, In this paper we consider the Sturm--Liouville operators generated by the differential expression -y″+q(x)y and by Dirichlet boundary conditions on the closed interval [0,π]. Here q(x) is a distribution of first order,, i.e., ∫ q(x)dx∈ L 2[0,π]. Asymptotic formulas for the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of such operators which depend on the smoothness degree of q(x) are obtained.
__label__0, Effect of mesodiencephalic modulation on small intestinal mucosa was studied in rats subjected to massive blood loss. Massive blood loss induced structural changes in intestinal epitheliocytes typical of tissue hypoxia: intraintestinal edema, mitochondrial alterations, and microcirculation disturbances. A single session of mesodiencephalic stimulation carried out 60 min after massive blood loss produced a pronounced adaptive effect, restored disturbed structure of the intestinal villi, and induced compensatory hypertrophy of the mitochondria. This suggests that mesodiencephalic modulation promotes normalization of intracellular energy metabolism, improves the absorption capacity of bordered enterocytes, and restores the disturbed intestinal barrier.
__label__0, The form of the time dependence is analyzed in the 10−6 — 10−13 sec range of maximum stretching stresses in spallation and at the specific (per unit surface) fracture energy on the basis of experimental spallation data for geometrically similar specimens of a number of metals and for steel (St. 3) specimens in shock rarefaction waves. Strong scale effects of power nature were observed in metals upon spallation fracture.
__label__0, In order to control young plant form by modifying culture conditions, plants of Rhododendron catawbiense from in vitro culture were grown in a greenhouse under different photoperiodic treatments (long or short days) combined or not with a several-week nitrogen starvation. After 12 weeks of culture under long days (16 h) with nitrogen supply, plants showed a rhythmic acrotonous development. When long days were combined with a six-week nitrogen starvation, the apical growth pause was extended leading to an increase of the number of acrotonous lateral ramifications. Short-day (8 h) treatment affected distal burst potential and moreover when a concomitant nitrogen starvation was applied. This lack of distal development allowed basal buds swelling, leading to basitonous plants. When plants were returned back to long days after 2, 4 or 6 weeks under short days, distal buds resumption competed with basal shoots development. Durable basitonous plants were obtained by a 12-week short days treatment combined with a 6-week nitrogen starvation.
__label__0, Consideration was given to the free-flying automated space module, a facility intended for servicing the orbiting space station and its accompanying objects. The notion of technical controllability of the free-flyer was introduced. A theorem about the necessary and sufficient conditions for technical controllability was proved. Methods for establishing the domains of technical controllability in the space of the generalized coordinates of object motion were proposed. By means of an illustrative example, the results of applying the notion of technical controllability were demonstrated, the domains of the given degree of technical controllability were established, and the minimal necessary vector of constraints on control of the object was determined.
__label__0, Students in mathematical problem-solving situations often experience confusion and loss of meaning. In these situations, affective and social factors are as much part of the student's thinking and behavior as are cognitive factors. These additional factors might include, for example, the need to make sense and the need to meet expectations of the authority figure involved (e.g., teacher or researcher). In this paper we attempt to analyze students' productions, taking into account such additional affective and social factors. To this end, we have tried to reproduce the student's voice in what we call virtual monologue. It consists of a monologue in the student's voice given in first person language, in which we try to describe as vividly and as faithfully as we can our picture of what might be going on in the student's mind during such situations.
__label__0, Complete chromosomes 1R and 1B were reconstructed in wheat from the centric wheat-rye translocation 1RS.1BL. Three substitutions: 1R(1A), 1R(1B), 1R(1D), and three new centric translocations: 1RS.1AL, 1RS.1BL, 1RS.1DL were produced from the reconstructed chromosome 1R. Each one of these has the same rye chromosome arm 1RS which was present in the original translocation 1RS.1BL of ‘Kavkaz’ wheat. Reconstructed chromosome 1B and a normal chromosome 1R were used to produce a new 1RS.1BL translocation. This translocation has the long arm from the original 1RS.1BL translocation of ‘Kavkaz’, but a different 1RS arm. The third generation centric translocations were mitotically stable and were normally transmitted to progeny. Misdivision frequency of the reconstructed chromosomes 1R did not change relative to normal 1R, whereas the misdivision frequency of the two reconstructed chromosomes 1B tested was significantly higher relative to normal 1B. These experiments demonstrate that repeated cycles of centric breakage and fusion do not impair the function of centromeres in wheat and rye but may change chromosome's susceptibility to misdivision.
__label__0, We assessed (1) the effects of addition and doses of the D genome from different sources and (2) the addition of either the A genome or the D genome on the photosynthesis of synthesized hexaploid wheats. On average, the increased doses of the D genome reduced photosynthesis, but the depression was dependent on the source of the D genome. Two accessions of Aegilops squarrosa had depressed photosynthetic rates, but not another accession of Ae. squarrosa. The D genome of cv. Thatcher did not contribute to depress photosynthetic rate. Triticum monococcum had considerably higher photosynthetic rates than Ae. squarrosa. However, addition of the A genome from T. monococcum did not increase the photosynthetic rates of hexaploids. Chlorophyll a : b ratio, functional photosystem II and the core complex of photosystem II did not account for the variation in photosynthetic rate among the genotypes studied. In our experiment, photosynthesis of polyploids was not dependent on photosynthesis rates of the donor genomes.
__label__0, Three greenhouse cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) accessions, previously selected for low levels of damage after infestation with Frankliniella occidentalis (Pergande), were tested for resistance against F. occidentalis in a no-choice greenhouse experiment at the mature plant stage. The three accessions showed a strong reduction in thrips damage compared to the susceptible control. The effects of leaf position and plant age of the four cucumber accessions on the reproduction of F. occidentalis were determined in a leaf disc assay. Leaf position had a significant effect on thrips reproduction, whereas plant age, within the test range, had not. In general, reproduction was higher on young leaves. Reproduction as measured on leaf discs from certain leaf positions was strongly correlated with resistance of mature plants in the greenhouse, and can therefore be used as a quick test to screen cucumber accessions for resistance against thrips.
__label__0, In vitro propagation of Atropa baetica was established employing axillary buds. Single buds were cultured through a multiple shoot induction phase, rooting phase, and then followed by acclimatization in soil. For multiple shoot induction, Murashige and Skoog (MS) medium with 3% sucrose, supplemented with either 0.75 or 1.25 mg l-1 of BAP provided the best results with an average of 5.6 shoots per explant after 31 days of culture. Similar results were obtained with higher BAP concentrations (1.75–2.0 mg l-1); however, these media had a negative effect on the subsequent root induction due to residual BAP effect. Medium containing only 0.25 mg l-1 of BAP induced a significantly lower number of shoots. Root induction occurred spontaneously after transferring the shoots onto MS medium lacking any plant growth regulator. Moreover, root induction also occurred on media supplemented with 0.125 and 0.25 mg l-1 of NAA. On these two rooting media, this response was more prominent and with a higher number of roots per explant. Nevertheless, after 28 days on root induction medium, the number of rooted plantlets was similar on the three media. Acclimatization of plantlets in soil was very successful (95.52%). However, all plantlets which died during acclimatization were rooted on medium containing 0.25 mg l-1 NAA suggesting a negative carry over effect of this medium upon plantlet survival, irrespective of the initial BAP treatment used. On the other hand, karyological studies showed no variation in the number of chromosome (2n=72) in root tips of the plantlets produced.
__label__0, Ethnomathematics originated in the former colonies, in response to the Eurocentrism of the history of mathematics, mathematics itself and mathematics education. It has also found expression in several other contexts. It is a part of the broader framework that elaborates the social and political dimensions of mathematics and mathematics education but especially, the dimension of culture. This focus on culture examined in the unique context of South Africa makes visible both conceptual difficulties in its formulation and also difficulties with respect to its interpretation into educational practice. This paper explores a critique of ethnomathematics using the South African situation and conceptual tools of a critical mathematrics education.
__label__0, The focus of the paper is on the way in which university affiliation can be used to improve the teaching practice component of teacher training programmes. The model of affiliation used by the University of Botswana is described, and a rationale is offered for procedures used to maintain and improve standards in affiliated institutions. The role of external examining is assessed, the term moderation is defined in the context of affiliation, and the procedures used to moderate teaching practice are scrutinised. Using the moderation reports and data relating to the period 1991–96, the principal issues that have arisen are reviewed and analysed, and their significance is assessed. An evaluation of some of the main outcomes, in terms of the impact made on the affiliated institutions, is then undertaken, in tandem with the way in which experience has brought about modifications made to the moderation procedures. A resume´ is offered of the principal lessons learned to date, and how the University of Botswana model could be replicated. Finally, attention is given to the value of the University of Botswana experience to provide guidelines whereby universities could use a system of teaching practice moderation to raise standards and improve institutional practices in teacher training colleges.
__label__0, This article describes and analyses a short teaching episode in a multilingual secondary mathematics classroom in South Africa where the teacher is using a participatory-inquiry approach. The episode is used to illuminate the general claim that such an approach, because of the particular communicative demands it places on teachers and learners, can create specific dilemmas of mediation. Teachers are often aware of dilemmas they face. However, what can be obscured is how a participatory-inquiry approach can inadvertently constrain mediation of mathematical activity and access to mathematical knowledge.
__label__0, This article provides an introduction to extended text-based analogies used for instructional purposes in science textbooks. A theoretical framework for understanding learning via extended analogies is discussed, and examples of extended textual analogies are provided. Research which provides direction in how to optimally use analogies in science instruction is reviewed. Characteristics of good analogies, types of learners who might benefit from the use of analogies, and kinds of learning which might be facilitated are discussed. The issue of possible misconceptions generated via instructional analogies is addressed, in conjunction with suggestions for remediation. Finally, recommendations for effective use of analogies in text are made, suggestions for instructional practices accompanying textual science analogies are provided and directions for future research are suggested.
__label__0, Many factors contribute to the way a lecture is conceptualized and delivered. These include one's philosophy and beliefs about teaching, knowledge of pedagogical principles, availability of resources, and the realities surrounding the instructional situation. In this paper three types of lecturing styles are described and their differences are highlighted in the context of current conceptions of teaching and pedagogical principles. The three lectures are subsequently characterized as content-driven, context-driven, and pedagogy-driven. Evaluation data suggest that the more pedagogically oriented the lecture, the higher it is rated by students.
__label__0, Five glycoalkaloids were identified from the aerial parts of wild Solanum commersonii Dun. ex Poir growing in Uruguay and their structures elucidated mainly by chemical and spectroscopic methods. In addition to the already known commersonine, demissine, tomatine and dehydrocommersonine, a new glycoalkaloid, identified as δ5-demissine, solanid -5-en-3-O- {β-D-Glcp-(1→2)-[β-D-Xylp-(1→3) ]β-D-Glcp-(1→4)-β-D-Galp } was found. Tomatine and dehydrocommersonine have not been reported earlier as components of this plant. The glycoalkaloid composition found in the wild plants studied differ significatively from those described earlier, and have some implications in taxonomy and its use in potato breeding.
__label__0, Wild species have been exploited for the transfer of useful genes in most of the major crops, but little has been done in chickpea improvement. Therefore, 228 accessions of eight annual wild Cicer species plus 20 domesticated kabuli chickpea lines were evaluated for 23 vegetative, flower, fruit and seed descriptors at the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), Syria, during 1993/94 to identify useful variations. Large differences between the cultivated and the annual wild taxa were found, especially for leaf area, growth habit, plant height, first pod height, pod dehiscence and 100-seed weight. These findings suggest that these traits underwent major changes during domestication. Although only a small sample of the cultigen was included in this study, C. arietinum showed greater morphological variability compared with the wild taxa. Among the wild taxa, C. reticulatum, C. echinospermum and C. bijugum had the largest variability and were also morphologically closest to the cultigen. Overall, the annual wild Cicer species were of no advantage for direct genetic improvement of agronomic traits in chickpea. Nevertheless, interesting variability was found for a few descriptors: wide leaflets in C. chorassanicum; many branches in C. bijugum and C. reticulatum; and early flowering in C. judaicum.
__label__0, This paper analyzes data from the British Household Panel Survey on households' financial management and financial decision-making. Direct subjective information was collected by asking questions like ‘Who has the final say in big financial decisions?’. All questions were answered separately by both partners. We consider two competing models explaining how finances are organized. The first model is based on a household production approach, in which behaviour is determined by an efficient allocation of both partners' time to market work, financial management, and leisure. In the second model, which is game-theoretic in nature, financial management is a reflection of bargaining power. The two models have different implications for the effect of explanatory variables, in particular wages, on the dependent variables. Empirical results indicate that financial management is primarily determined by bargaining considerations.
__label__0, This study investigates four seventh-grade teachers' awareness of students' tendency to conjoin or 'finish' open expressions. It also investigates teachers' ways of coping with this tendency. Three types of data were collected: 1) lesson plans, 2) lesson observations, and 3) post-lesson interviews. The analysis showed that the two experienced teachers were aware of this tendency and some of its possible sources, while the novices were unaware of either. Teaching approaches related to this tendency also differed considerably. In conclusion we analyze these teaching methods in light of the existing literature and discuss possible short- and long-term implications of the use of each approach.
__label__0, This paper proposes a two-equation price-wage model that enables to test whether the inflationary pressure on wage rate is only present when the rate of inflation is greater than some threshold value. Since the likelihood function for this model is very nonstandard, we develop a small-sample Bayesian approach to estimate its parameters. Our empirical results for Poland, 1962–1993, give support to the hypothesis of the price- wage spiral with a positive threshold value of inflation.
__label__0, Adolescents have relatively large sums of money at their disposal; How and on what goods they spend their money is the subject of this paper. An AID system describing the influences of demographic characteristics, pseudo-prices and income on various expenditure categories is estimated. The system is estimated in two steps with the first step explaining zero-expenditures. Income elasticities and pseudo-price elasticities are presented. A comparison is made on the basis of three large data sets, gathered in 1984, 1990, and 1992.
__label__0, Heading time in cereals is a composite character determined by vernalization requirement, photoperiodic sensitivity and narrow-sense earliness. To study the effects of added barley chromosomes on the heading characters in wheat, two sets of wheat-barley chromosome addition lines, i.e., ‘Betzes’ barley chromosomes 2H to 7H added to ’Chinese Spring‘ wheat (CS-Be2H to CS-Be7H) and ‘New Golden’ barley chromosomes 5H and 6H added to ‘Shinchunaga’ wheat (Shi-NG5H, Shi-NG6H), were examined for their heading characters. All barley chromosomes except Be6H affected vernalization requirement and/or narrow-sense earliness in CS or Shi. Be5H chromosome also slightly increased the photoperiodic sensitivity of CS. Shi-NG5H addition line showed significantly decreased vernalization requirement in comparison with Shi, whereas CS-Be5H did not show any difference from CS. The F1 hybrid of the cross, Shi-NG5H × CS-Be5H, exhibited the same level of vernalization insensitivity as the Shi-NG5H addition line, and plants with and without a vernalization requirement segregated in a 1 : 3 ratio in the F2 generation. These observations, together with previous reports, suggest that the decreased vernalization requirement in the Shi-NG5H addition line was caused by the presence of a major dominant gene for spring habit, Sh2, located on the NG5H barley chromosome. Furthermore, this study revealed that the Sh2 gene in barley has a similar but weaker effect than the wheat vernalization insensitive gene, Vrn1, on the vernalization response in wheat.
__label__0, Proteins were extracted from styles of 29 self-incompatible cultivars of almond and separated using non-equilibrium pH gradient electro-focusing, and the gels were stained for ribonuclease activity. Mutually incompatible cultivars had similar banding patterns and, for the 24 cultivars already genotyped in France or California, the bands correlated well with the reported alleles. The band corresponding to S1 of the French labelling system was indistinguishable from that corresponding to Sb of the Californian labelling system, and a controlled cross confirmed that these alleles are identical. The band corresponding to the Californian Sa was distinct from the bands corresponding to French alleles and, to harmonise the allele labels, it was redesignated S5. The genotypes of five uncharacterised self-incompatible cultivars were inferred from zymograms as follows: ‘Desmayo Largueta’ and ‘Glorieta’, S1S5, ‘Masbovera’, S1S9, ‘Tarragones’, S2S9, and ‘Tokyo’, S6S7. The alleles designated S6 and S9 have not previously been reported. Nine self-compatible cultivars or selections were analysed, and each showed a band corresponding to an incompatibility allele as well as a common band; however, the correspondence of this common band to Sf, the allele for self-compatibility, is unproven.
__label__0, The research domain of gender and learning seems to develop in two different areas. In one area learning is investigated by using general theories on learning and instruction. In the second area, gender plays a central role in the theoretical frameworks. The present article compares two theories from these areas using a general perspective and a gender perspective. By doing this, we intend to combine knowledge resulting from the two distinct areas and possibly take the research domain of gender and learning a step further. The theories in the comparison concern Vermunt's learning conceptions (1996) and Baxter Magolda's ways of knowing and patterns of reasoning (1992). It turns out that a number of relations seems to exist on a conceptual level between these two theories, but the relations could not be confirmed empirically. In the discussion, the results are elaborated upon and possible future research is suggested.
__label__0, In recent years there has been growing interest in the role of history of mathematics in improving the teaching and learning of mathematics. ICMI, the International Commission on Mathematics Instruction, has set up a Study on this topic, to report back at the next International Congress on Mathematical Education (ICME) in Japan in the year 2000. The present document sketches out some of the concerns to be addressed in the ICMI Study, in the hope that many people across the world will wish to contribute to the international discussions and the growing understandings reached in and about this area.This discussion document will be followed by an invited conference (to be held in France in April 1998), from which a publication will be prepared to appear by 2000. The next section of the present document surveys the questions to be addressed. Your views are solicited both on the questions and on how to take the issues forward as implied in the commentary.
__label__0, The proportion of young people opting for third level education in Cyprus is exceptionally high, currently about 60% of the relevant age group. This has caused concern among the country's policy makers who are aware of the limited capacity of the Cyprus economy to accommodate the increasing supply of higher education graduates. In the present study, an attempt is made to identify and examine the factors influencing young Cypriots to select higher education over direct employment at the end of their secondary education. A survey was conducted among 811 final form secondary school students in Cyprus in the academic year 1993/1994. Through factor analysis, seven factors with a potential effect on the students' educational and occupational intentions were identified. They were the following: Psychological/Individual, Occupational I, Occupational II, Economic, Consumption, Secondary School Subjects, and Significant Others. These factors, along with a number of student background characteristics (gender, socioeconomic status, ability, and secondary school specialisation) were used as explanatory variables in a logistic regression model with the student's educational intentions serving as the dependent variable. The psychological/individual factor, the second occupational factor, and secondary school specialisation were shown to have a significant effect on the intention to pursue third level education. The paper points to the importance of analysing and examining student characteristics and motivational patterns in the effort to understand, and, if possible, influence trends in the demand for higher education.
__label__0, The Netherlands has a relatively generous social security system and a wide coverage of individuals by private (occupational) pension schemes. Total household savings are rather high and fairly stable, although the amount of contractual savings apears to be going up at the expense of non-contractual (‘free’) savings. Using an approach originally pioneered by Feldstein (1974) we employ microdata to investigate the displacement effect of security and pension wealth on free household savings. It turns out that the data available are too noisy to make precise statements about the displacement effects. Our results do suggest, however, that a one-for-one displacement of free savings by social security is consistent with the data. For pensions such a complete offset is less likely. This suggests that increase of coverage by private pensions is an effective way of raising savings.
__label__0, Botanical and agronomical traits were observed using 39 cultivars of coconut palms which mainly collected in the PhilipApines, and statistically analyzed to clarify the variation between and within cultivar groups (typica, nana and javanica). Although there were broad variations in all the traits except for several male flower characters, significant differences among three cultivars were found in a dozen of traits. The variation within a cultivar group was higher in typica and javanica. Nana was noted as an aggregate group, which was far distance from typica. Javanica was characterized as the intermediate group having overlapping boundaries with other groups.
__label__0, An artificial amphiploid ‘RSP’ (2n = 42, AABBDD) between tetraploid landrace Ailanmai (Triticum turgidum L., 2 = 28, AABB) and Aegilops tauschii (DD, 2n = 14) expressed high tolerance to preharvest sprouting which derived from Aegilops tauschii. To determine the inheritance of sprouting tolerance in ‘RSP’, it was crossed with six cultivars which vary in susceptibility to preharvest sprouting. Preharvest sprouting tolerance was assessed on F2 plants using germination towels. Preharvest sprouting tolerance was inherited as a recessive trait which was controlled by one gene.
__label__0, ‘Ogura radish’, a cytoplasmic genetic male sterile line, was crossed with four local and three Japanese cultivars to identify maintainer lines. Out of seven F1 families, one cross involving a local cultivar, Aushi, produced 100% male sterile (MS) progeny. The crosses involving the other two local cultivars, Tangail Local and Kuni, produced about 90% MS progeny, indicating the presence of maintainer gene(s) for male sterility. The fourth local cultivar, Tasaki, produced 100% male fertile (MF) progeny. All three exotic cultivars appeared to possess the chromosomal gene(s) for controlling the male sterility. In BC1, BC2 and BC3 generations, segregation of MS plants were more frequent when ‘Aushi’ was used as recurrent parent. The expression of male sterility was not affected by seasonal influences. Thus the local cultivar ‘Aushi’ may be used as maintainer line for ‘Ogura radish’. To produce hybrid seed, ‘Tasaki’ can be used as pollinator line as it exhibit high heterosis with ‘Aushi’.
__label__0, There are two competing definitions of economics. One, exemplified in Etzioni's work, stipulates that economics is the study of one kind of ends, the pursuit of material benefits (welfare). This definition entails that material ends are incommensurable with moral ends. The other, expressed in Becker's work, registers that economics is the analysis of one aspect of all ends, optimization. This definition implies that material and moral ends are commensurable. The paper finds that each definition has its own shortcomings. The paper outlines an alternative view, illustrated by the difference between gifts and grants, which promises to supplant the shortcomings of each definition.
__label__0, The use of writing as a learning activity in mathematics has been the subject of many publications. However, little evidence has been presented to support the claims that writing enhances learning in mathematics. One difficulty in such research has been the lack of a detailed method for analysing the writing products of students. In the present study, a scheme for coding the parts of written mathematical presentations was developed. At the grade 8 level at which the study was conducted, a limited style of expository writing was found to predominate. The writing was shown to closely resemble the style of the typical mathematics textbook used by the students.
__label__0, Recent investigations of mathematical problem solving have focused on an issue that concerns students' ability at accessing and making flexible use of previously learnt knowledge. I report here a study that takes up this issue by examining potential links between mental models constructed by students, the organisational quality of students' prior geometric knowledge, and the use of that knowledge during problem solving. Structural analysis of the results suggest that the quality of geometric knowledge that students develop could have a powerful effect on their mental models and subsequent use of that knowledge.
__label__0, The asymptotic error probability of Linhart's model selection test isevaluated, and compared with the nominal significance level. We examine thecase where the expected discrepancies of the candidate models from the truemodel are asymptotically equal. The local alternatives method is employed inthe limiting operation of the asymptotic evaluation. Although the errorprobability under the null hypothesis is actually shown to be equal to orless than the level for most situations, intolerable violations of the errorcontrol are observed for nested models: It is often erroneously concludedthat the smaller model is significantly better than the larger model. Toprevent this violation, a modification of Linhart's test statistic isproposed. The effectiveness of the proposed test is confirmed throughtheoretical analysis and numerical simulations.
__label__0, Hybrid varieties developed by making use of the wild abortive cytoplasmic male sterility system account for 90% of hybrid rice produced. Previous inheritance studies have established that the fertility restoration in this system is controlled by two major loci, but the chromosomal locations of the fertility restorer (Rf) loci have yet to be resolved. In this study we determined the genomic locations of the two Rf loci by their linkage to molecular markers. The Rf gene containing regions were identified by surveying two bulks, made of 30 highly fertile and 46 highly sterile plants from a large F2 population of the cross between Zhenshan 97A and Minghui 63, with RFLP markers covering the entire rice genome. The survey identified two likely Rf gene containing regions, located on chromosomes 1 and 10 respectively. This was confirmed by ANOVA using a large random sample from the same F2 population and also with a genome-wide QTL analysis of a test-cross population. The results also showed that both loci have major effects of almost complete dominance on fertility restoration and the effect of the locus on chromosome 10 is larger than the one on chromosome 1. The two loci acted as a pair of classical duplicate genes; a single dominant allele at one of the two loci would suffice to restore the fertility to normal or nearly normal. Closely linked markers identified in this study may be used for marker assisted selection in hybrid rice breeding programs.
__label__0, Recently, the Dutch Minister of Education, Culture and Science proposed that the funding system of Dutch universities be drastically altered by introducing a system of capacity funding. The intention is to abandon the current (direct) student dependence in funding and, instead, to offer a stable, long-term funds perspective. If this capacity funding is actually adopted, a trend break in the funding system of higher education and research in the Netherlands will occur.This article describes the developments in the funding of Dutch universities over the past decades and the (expected) developments for the future. With regard to the near future and in addition to the capacity funding intended the author will also discuss other developments anticipated by him.It will be shown that during the last forty years four “generations” of funding models have been used in the Netherlands. Soon the changeover to the fifth generation will possibly be made. A number of issues will be discussed, such as the introduction (and enlargement) of lump sum funding, elements of output funding (performance based funding) and competition on the basis of quality.First, some basic characteristics of funding systems in general will be presented. They will be used to analyse the relevant developments in the Dutch higher education allocation systems.
__label__0, The in vivo effects of ovariectomy in rats have been studied on cell proliferation and matrix synthesis in the growth plate cartilage by assessing immunohistochemically the levels of proliferating cell nuclear antigen and chondroitin sulphate proteoglycan(s). The serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and growth hormone were also measured by radioimmunoassay procedures. At 5 weeks after ovariectomy, the serum levels of the growth factor were significantly higher than those in sham-operated rats. In contrast, the level of growth hormone was lower. The nuclear staining of proliferating cell nuclear antigen was generally seen in the zone of proliferative chondrocytes from both groups of rats. Whereas almost all chondrocytes in the proliferative zone of ovariectomized rats expressed proliferating cell nuclear antigen immunoreactivity, fewer did so in that of the sham rats. Quantitative image analysis by ACAS 570 laser cytometry demonstrated that the n uclear antigen-positive sites in ovariectomized rats had significantly higher integrated values (staining intensity), areas and perimeters than those in sham rats. In addition, the number of chondroitin sulphate proteoglycan-immunoreactive cells in the proliferative chondrocytes was also higher in ovariectomized rats than in sham ones. These results suggest that ovariectomy significantly stimulates the cell proliferation and matrix synthesis in the growth plate cartilage, probably through the higher serum level of insulin-like growth factor-I.
__label__0, The distribution of a novel laminin alpha5-chain in the basement membranes of the anterior segment of rat eye was studied. Frozen sections of embryonic day (E)16--17, post-natal day (P)2, 5, 10, 15 and 30 and adult rat eyes were immunostained for laminin chains alpha2, alpha5, beta1, beta2 and gamma1 and for laminin-5, as well as for EHS-laminin, to visualize all basement membranes. Laminin alpha5-, beta1- and gamma1-chain immunoreactivities were found in the basement membranes of the inner and outer layers of optic cup, lens epithelium, further corneal epithelium and skin of the eyelids in E16--17 rat eyes. In P2 and older rat eyes, laminin alpha5-, beta1- and gamma1-chains were all seen in the basement membranes of the corneal and conjunctival epithelium, Descemet's membrane, lens epithelium, ciliary processes, blood vessels and skin of the eyelids. There was a change in the expression pattern of laminin alpha5, beta1- and gamma1-chains in Descemet's membrane from the endothelial side of the membrane (P2--P15 eyes) to both sides of the membrane after P30. Immunoreactivity for laminin-5 was weak in the basement membrane of E16--17 epidermis, but strong in the basement membrane of corneal, conjunctival and eyelid epithelium in P2 and older rat eyes. Laminin alpha2- and beta2-chains were seen in conjunctival and uveal blood vessels in P15 and older rat eyes. The laminin beta2-chain emerged into the basement membrane of conjunctival epithelium in P30 and older rat eyes, suggesting a role for the laminin beta2-chain in the maturation of conjunctiva. The results suggest that laminin alpha5-chain, possibly in laminin-10 (alpha5beta1gamma1), is early and widely expressed in the basement membranes of developing and adult rat eye and, further, that laminin alpha5-chain is a major laminin alpha-chain, partly in coexpression with the alpha3-chain of laminin-5 in the basement membranes of the anterior segment of the eye in developing and adult rats. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Conventional Bayes factors for hypotheses testing cannot typically accommodate the use of standard noninformative priors, as such priors are defined only up to arbitrary constants which affect the values of the Bayes factors. To circumvent this problem, Berger and Pericchi (1996, J. Amer. Statist. Assoc., 19, 109-122) introduced a new criterion called the Intrinsic Bayes Factor (IBF). In this paper, we use their methodology to test several hypotheses regarding the shape parameter of the power law process. Assuming that we have data from the process according to the failure-truncation sampling scheme, we derive the arithmetic and geometric IBF's using the reference priors. We deduce a set of intrinsic priors that correspond to these IBF's, as the observed number of failures tends to infinity. We then use these results to analyze an actual data set on the failures of an aircraft generator.
__label__0, The electrochemical behaviour of cyclic polysilanes, namely, hexamesitylcyclotrisilane (Mes2Si)3 (I), 1,2,3,4-tetra-tert-butyltetramethyl-cyclotetrasilane [t-Bu(Me)Si]4 (II), decaethylcyclopentasilane (Et2Si)5 (III), decapropylcyclopentasilane (Pr2Si)5 (IV), dodecamethylcyclohexasilane (Me2Si)6 (V), tetradecaethylcycloheptasilane (Et2Si)7 (VI), hexadecamethylcyclooctasilane (Me2Si)8 (VII) and octadecamethylcyclononasilane (Me2Si)9 (VIII), have been studied by cyclic voltammetry and preparative scale electrolysis. The effects of electrolyte, ring size and nature of substitutes both on oxidation peak potential and upon reactivity as well as style of product are discussed.
__label__0, A hitherto undocumented inhibition to electrodeposition of Cu(ii) from dilute (<200 mg L−1) wastewaters was traced to the presence of Fe(iii) at concentrations comparable to those of copper ion. This inhibition was found to differ from heterogeneous side-reduction of Fe(iii) that is well known to decrease faradaic efficiency for copper removal. Based on bench-scale electrolysis as well as cyclic voltammetry studies, an inhibition mechanism was qualitatively identified that involved copper corrosion by Fe(iii). This corrosion process was found to be strongly favoured by sluggish heterogeneous reduction of Fe(iii) at carbon electrode materials. One procedure shown to substantially improve copper removal from solutions demonstrating corrosion inhibition was alkali precipitation of iron. Real mine drainage wastewater that was pretreated in this manner was consistently depleted of copper by flow-through electrolysis to levels below 50 μg L−1.
__label__0, The purpose of this study was to investigate the implication of transglutaminases in the biology of articular chondrocytes. Transglutaminase activity measurements performed on cell lysates showed that a transglutaminase was present in chondrocytes in primary culture and that it was strongly activated by limited proteolysis. In chondrocytes dedifferentiated by subculture or retinoic acid treatment, this transglutaminase appeared to be downregulated, while type II transglutaminase expression was induced. However, protein levels, mRNA steady-state levels or transglutaminase activity in whole-cell lysates do not necessarily reflect the activity present in living cells, as it is strongly regulated. Therefore, Fluoresceincadaverine, a fluorescent polyamine, was used for detecting amine acceptor protein substrates accessible to active transglutaminase in living cells. After incubation of chondrocytes with Fluoresceincadaverine, dedifferentiated cells exhibited an extracellula r labelling, while chondrocytes in primary culture did not, unless thrombin was added to the culture medium. In contrast, Fluoresceincadaverine labelling was not detected in the cytosol, although the transglutaminases were also partly cytosolic. By confocal microscopy and Western blot analysis of labelled cells in culture, fibronectin was shown to be the main substrate for both transglutaminases. The transglutaminases present in articular chondrocytes may, therefore, contribute to the organization and the stabilization of their extracellular matrix.
__label__0, We analyse cash management and payments behaviour using 1990–1994 panel data for Dutch households. The results largely confirm the transactions demand for money theory, including an income elasticity of substantially less than one, and they are consistent with the hypothesis of technology resulting in households' economizing on currency balances. The results indicate up to 40 per cent lower transactions balances in the future, which is affirmed by direct questioning on future expectations. The effect on total money outstanding is considerably lower, due to significant amounts of ‘missing money’ in hoards, which are insensitive to new developments in the payments system.
__label__0, A pilot plant electrolyser was built, which, in design, was similar to an industrial reactor used for metal recovery from waste waters. Increased mass transport rates were achieved by applying a pulse to the reactor solution. The first reaction tested on this new cell was the indirect oxidation of cyclohexanol in aqueous solution by means of an iodinated intermediate species. Several electrochemical methods, such as cyclic and linear sweep voltammetry and chronoamperometry, were used for the study of the reacting system. The results from these analyses have allowed optimization of the reactor operating conditions. A mathematical model for the process has been established which predicts the reactor yield and conversion as a function of the main operating parameters.
__label__0, In order to isolate and enrich bone marrow mononuclear phagocytes, we performed magnetic-activated cell sorting using beads coupled to a monoclonal antibody directed against the monocyte/macrophage surface molecule CD14. Co-localization of antigens in single cells was achieved by combining an alkaline phosphatase--anti-alkaline phosphatase and an avidin--biotin complex immunoassay, avoiding the use of peroxidase. Bone marrow macrophages were first labelled by the monoclonal antibody PG-M1 (anti-CD68). Subsequently, cytoplasmic and/or surface double staining by the monoclonal antibodies against HLA-DR and Mac-2 antigen or the lectin GSA-I-B4 was carried out. Whereas HLA-DR was co-expressed by the great majority of PG-M1+ macrophages (84.9% +/- 6.9%), only a subpopulation exhibited Mac-2 (69.9% +/- 5.9%) antigen or galactoside structures detected by GSA-I-B4 (65.0% +/- 6.7%). The latter result differed only slightly from the percentage of GSA-I-B+4 macrophages determined in a previous comparative immunomorphometrical study. Therefore, using our method of isolation and enrichment by magnetic-activated cell sorting, only a negligible portion of macrophages is apparently stimulated, as shown by GSA-I-B4 staining. This methodology seems to be a valuable tool for further studies on the monocyte--macrophage system. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Three experiments compared the learning potential of text versus outline and matrix displays. In Experiments 1 and 2, college students read or heard a passage about fish and then studied the text, an outline, or a matrix. In Experiment 3, students heard a passage about wildcats, and then studied text, outline, or matrix displays. In all experiments, the text, outline, and matrix formats were informationally equivalent. However, the two-dimensional matrix appeared more computationally efficient than the linear organized text or outline because it (a) positioned related information about fish or wildcats in closer proximity so that local relations within a single category (such as “size”) were learned, and (b) organized information spatially so that global relations across categories (such as size and diet) were learned. The learning potential of text, outline, and matrix displays was also examined in combination with variations in thematic organization, amount of study time, and time of testing. The most important and consistent findings were that (a) outline and matrix displays produced greater relational learning than the text, and (b) matrix displays produced greater relational learning than outlines.
__label__0, The yield of metal hydroxides obtained by electrolysis of chloride baths is greater than the yield obtained from nitrate baths showing that the hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) contributes as much to electrogeneration of base as the nitrate reduction reaction. This observation has implications for the fabrication of nickel hydroxide positive electrodes for alkaline secondary cells, and widens the scope of electrosynthesis to include chloride, sulphate and other anion containing α-nickel hydroxides and other layered hydroxides. Electrosynthesis of Mg(OH)2 has been investigated as a model synthesis.
__label__0, An urn has balls of colors C1 and C2. It is replenished (R) by balls of both colors and then depleted by (D) the same number; this constitutes a cycle. When R = D, the system is closed and equilibrium will be reached after many cycles. The ultimate distribution is found only when the replenishment is the same for each color. Asymptotic normal and asymptotic binomial distributions arise when the parameters reach extreme values. For the multicolor urn an expression is given for the correlation between the number of balls of any two colors.
__label__0, Berry-Esséen bounds of the optimal O(n-1/2) order are obtained, under the null hypothesis of randomness, for serial linear rank statistics, of the form Σ a1 (Rt)a2(Rt-k). Such statistics play an essential role in distribution-free methods for time-series analysis, where they provide nonparametric analogues to classical (Gaussian) correlogram-based methods. Berry-Esséen inequalities are established under mild conditions on the score-generating functions, allowing for normal (van der Waerden) scores. They extend to the serial case the earlier result of Does (1982, Ann. Probab., 10, 982-991) on (nonserial) linear rank statistics, and to the context of nonparametric rank-based statistics the parametric results of Taniguchi (1991, Higher Order Asymptotics for Time Series Analysis, Springer, New York) on quadratic forms of Gaussian stationary processes.
__label__0, The functional characteristics of fluorescent probes used for imaging and measuring dynamic processes in living cells are reviewed. Initial consideration is given to general design requirements for delivery, targeting, detectability and fluorescence readout, and current technologies for attaining them. Discussion then proceeds to the more application-specific properties of intracellurion indicators, membrane potential sensors, probes for proteins and lipids, and cell viability markers. 1998 © Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Over the past ten years there has been a sweeping reform of the courses taught and qualifications awarded by Spanish universities. For that reason, an investigation was launched in 1996–97 at the University of Santiago de Compostela (in Northwest Spain) into the teaching, research and management entailed in four new degree courses: physics (years one to four), agricultural engineering (first and second years), agricultural food-processing technology (years one to three) and pharmacy. This article reports on students' opinions of the reforms in these courses, revealing dissatisfaction with facilities for practical course work, lack of connection with prospective employment, and a call for more information about courses.
__label__0, Graphite electrodes comprising silica binder were tested in ethylene carbonate–dimethyl carbonate (EC–DMC), propylene carbonate and tetrahydrofuran solutions. The electrochemical behavior of these electrodes was analyzed using chronopotentiometry, slow-scan rate cyclic voltammetry (SSCV), impedance spectroscopy and potentiostatic intermittent titration technique (PITT). The electrode morphology and integrity were studied by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Using silica binder, graphite particles are usually embedded in the current collector in an unoriented form. Thus, the electroanalytical study of these electrodes and the comparison of their response with that of highly oriented PVDF based graphite electrodes, provided insight into the effect of particle orientation on the general electrochemical behavior of lithiated graphite anodes. In general, the higher the particle orientation and compact packing in the electrodes' active mass, the better the performance o f the Li–graphite electrodes, as the surface films developed are better passivating and the interparticle electronic contact is also better. The silica binder may have advantages over other binders such as PVDF in its ability to better retain the electrode integrity upon cycling. However, the practical use of such electrodes requires further optimization, especially in connection with particle orientation and compact packing.
__label__0, Inheritance of resistance to Neovossia indica was studied in a Triticum aestivum line HD 29. To overcome the influence of environment on disease expression, the study was conducted by extensive evaluation of advanced generation (F8) recombinant inbred lines (RILs) developed by single seed descent from the cross WL 711 (susceptible) × HD 29 (resistant. The results suggested that HD 29 possesses three major genes for resistance to isolated Ni7 and two genes for resistance to isolate Ni8. One of the two genes controlling resistance to Ni8 is common with one of the genes conferring resistance to Ni7. These observations have important implications in breeding for Karnal bunt resistance.
__label__0, The coffee leaf miner (Perileucoptera coffeella, Guérin-Méneville), is the most serious pest on coffee in Brazil. Coffee varieties with resistance to this pest have been developed in Brazil using genes from the Coffea racemosa Lour. species. Resistance to P. coffeella was studied in C. racemosa and in advanced breeding populations derived from BC3 and BC4 generations through artificial infestation of coffee leaves (laboratory) and natural infestation (greenhouse). Based on an analysis of variance carried out with notes attributed to lesions, two weeks after egg hatching, C. racemosa plants and BC4 progenies were classified in 3 groups according to their degree of resistance to the insect. The age of the leaves seemed to play a role in the expression of resistance of C. racemosa and of BC4 progenies to P. coffeella. The data seemed to show that resistance to P. coffeella derived from C. racemosa can be best explained by two complementary dominant genes. Segregations for resistance assessed in families obtained by selfing or open pollination or by back-crossing with a susceptible variety were similar to the expected segregation of 9 resistant: 7 susceptible or 1 resistant: 3 susceptible, respectively. The symbols Lm1, lm1, Lm2 and lm2 are proposed for the alleles. Consequences for breeding coffee varieties with resistance are discussed.
__label__0, Research in science education has recognized the importance of history and philosophy of science. Given this perspective, the study was designed to develop a framework for examining the way in which chemistry textbooks describe the kinetic theory and related issues. The framework was developed by a rational reconstruction of the kinetic molecular theory of gases based primarily on the interpretations of Maxwell and Boltzmann, by historians and philosophers of science. Another aspect of the framework was based on an analysis of freshman chemistry students' performance on gas problems that required the use of algorithms or conceptual understanding. Subsequently, 22 textbooks were evaluated using a framework consisting of six criteria. Results obtained showed that most textbooks lacked a history and philosophy of science framework and did not deal adequately with the following aspects: (1) Postulates of the kinetic theory were speculative and played the role of simplifying assumptions, considered to be the rule in science rather than being the exceptions; (2) Based on these simplifying assumptions, the theorists built a series of tentative models that progressively incorporated the behavior of real gases; (3) Similar to other research programs in the history of science, Maxwell's was based on inconsistent foundations; (4) Development of the kinetic theory had to compete with chemical thermodynamics, a rival research program; (5) Maxwell and Boltzmann facilitated our understanding of gas behavior beyond the observable hydrodynamical laws, by explaining the internal properties (e.g., molecular collisions).
__label__0, The aims of this study were to (a) determine how the quantification of blood vessels in histological sections (vascularity) is affected by the methodology used and (b) assess the value of vascularity as an index of angiogenesis by comparing tumour and normal breast tissue. Archival specimens of breast, lung and oral carcinoma, oral dysplasia and normal breast tissue were used to test the effects of the following experimental variables on vascularity: pretreatment of the sections (enzymatic digestion, heating), endothelial markers (von Willebrand factor and CD31 antibodies), method of quantification (highest microvascular density, average microvascular density and microvascular volume) and interobserver variations. All the variables examined significantly affected the estimated vascularity; this depended on the type of tissue and method used. The pretreatment of the sections before staining was the most important variable, altering the vascularity ranking of the tumours. Vascularity in breast tumours was similar to that of the normal breast intralobular stroma, suggesting that an area of high microvascular density in the tumour does not necessarily represent tumour-induced angiogenesis. Contradictory results have been published regarding the value of vascularity as a tumour prognostic factor. Our results suggest that statistically significant differences in vascularity values are most likely to arise from failure to optimize the staining protocol and from the method used to assess vascularity. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Using lines selected for long life by Luckinbill and his co-workers, we screened two selected and two control lines for allelic frequency differences at 1200 randomly chosen RAPD marker loci. Twenty-three marker loci showed frequency differences in excess of 80%, and five were greater than 90%. Age-specific effects of the five most differentiated loci were estimated by collecting complete survival data in segregating backcross populations. Alleles at four of the five marker loci were associated with significant extension of life span in males, while two marker loci had significant effects in females. Eighty percent of the total selection response in males can be explained by the identified QTL's, under the assumption of additivity. The N14+ marker allele accounted for a 12-day life span extension in males, but had little effect in females. Both sex-limited and sex-shared effects were observed. Analysis of age-specific mortality rates suggests that life span extension occurs by a combination of genetic factors that moderate both the level of mortality and the rate at which mortality increases with age.
__label__0, The electrochemical reduction of 2-ethyl-9,10-anthraquinone (EAQ) has been examined by voltammetry on a vitreous carbon rotating disk electrode (RDE) in a two-phase medium. The medium consisted of an organic phase consisting of a mixture of tributylphosphate (TBP) and diethylbenzene (DEB) (15/85,vol/vol) and an aqueous phase, 2m NaOH. The ratio between the two phases was 40% for the organic phase and 60% for the aqueous phase. The electrochemical behaviour of EAQ in this medium was examined on a vitreous carbon RDE in the presence and absence of oxygen. The formation of hydrogen peroxide mediated by the electrochemical reduction of EAQ was studied analytically. The voltammetric results indicate that hydrogen peroxide formation mediated by the electrochemical reduction of EAQ is feasible.
__label__0, The article presents a central limit theorem for the maximum likelihood estimator of a vector-valued parameter in a linear spatial stochastic difference equation with Gaussian white noise right side. The result is compared to the known limit theorems derived for the approximate likelihood e.g. by Whittle (1954, Biometrika, 41, 434-439), Guyon (1982, Biometrika, 69, 95-105) and Rosenblatt (1985, Stationary Sequences and Random Fields, Birkhäuser, Boston) and to the asymptotic properties of the quasi-likelihood studied by Heyde and Gay (1989, Stochastic Process. Appl., 31, 223-236; 1993, Stochastic Process. Appl., 45, 169-182). Application of the theory is demonstrated on several classes of models including the one considered by Niu (1995, J. Multivariate Anal., 55, 82-104).
__label__0, The effects of the organic additives cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTABr) and tetrabutyl ammonium bromide (TBABr) on the electrowinning of zinc from acidic sulphate solutions were studied in the presence and absence of trace amounts of antimony(iii). The results indicated that CTABr has similar properties to the commonly used industrial additive glue with respect to current efficiency, power consumption, polarization behaviour, and the crystallographic orientation and surface morphology of the zinc deposits. TBABr was generally less useful with respect to all these properties. Voltammetric studies indicate that polarisation for zinc electrodeposition decreased in the order CTABr > glue > TBABr. The nature of the electrode reactions were investigated through measurements of exchange current densities, Tafel slopes and transfer coefficients.
__label__0, The application of rotating cylinder electrodes (RCEs) in electrochemistry has been reviewed for the period 1982–1995. Among the applications highlighted are the novel design of cell geometries and reactors for a range of electrochemical processes, voltammetry and analysis, electrodeposition and corrosion. This range amply indicates the widespread acceptance of the RCE for studies in a number of interdisciplinary fields.
__label__0, Application of the electrochemical quartz crystal microbalance (EQCM) to the study of metal corrosion and its inhibition is rather recent. Among the advantages of this technique are its very high sensitivity and the possibility of simultaneous mass variations and voltammogram recording. These characteristics suggest the use of the EQCM for research in very low corrosion rate conditions. This paper reports the results of EQCM measurements on the corrosion inhibition rates of Ni in 0.1m HClO4, in the absence and presence of different inhibitors in free corrosion conditions, for following inhibitors: acridine (A), benzyl quinolinium chloride (BQCl), dodecyl quinolinium bromide (DDQBr), tributylbenzyl ammonium iodide (TBNI) and potassium iodide (KI). The corrosion rate was reduced considerably by KI and TBNI. DDQBr showed a good inhibitive efficiency, while BQCl had only a small effect, and A stimulated corrosion of the Ni. Voltammograms at different scanning rates and the mass variation in the same solutions were recorded. Comparison of the current density and the mass changes provided the basis for a qualitative interpretation of the passivation of Ni and the mechanism of action of the different inhibitors.
__label__0, The electroreduction of molecular oxygen is investigated between −0.1 and −0.5V vs SHE on bornite, Cu5FeS4, at pH9.2 and 14, by means of cyclic voltammetry (CV) and stationary voltammetry (SV), using a double channel electrode flow cell (DCEFC). Using an E/pH diagram established in this work, the CV results suggest that the bornite surface is stable between −0.1 and −0.5V then oxidized to CuS and Fe(OH)3 above −0.1V whereas, below −0.5V the mineral reduces to metal sulphides: Cu2S and FeS. The SV results show that oxygen is reduced to peroxide ions, HO2−. At pH9.2 the generated sulphide ions hinder the oxidation of HO2− on the collector electrode of the DCEFC, due to the formation of a blocking surface layer of elemental sulphur, S, impeding the determination of the kinetic parameters, k1 (direct way) and k 2 (indirect way) of the oxygen electroreduction reaction. In contrast, at pH14, as soluble polysulphides are formed, it was possible to determine these parameters, showing that the bornite is a poor catalyst for oxygen reduction. At pH14, in the presence of potassium ethylxanthate, generally used as a flotation collector, the ethylxanthate ions, C2H5OCSSO−, are oxidized by HO2− to perxanthates, ROCSSO−, while at pH9.2 the oxygen reduction is inhibited due to ethylxanthate chemisoption on the bornite surface.
__label__0, The paper studies the extent to which the transition in agricultural prices has satisfactorily been implemented in Bulgaria and Slovenia and the degree to which actual prices reflect the equilibrium conditions of the market. In Bulgaria, a model in which the new and old regime can co-exist, was estimated using the Kalman filter while in Slovenia, a market clearing supply-demand model for each agricultural product is estimated. The quantitative results show that the liberalisation process in agricultural prices is implemented in Bulgaria in a satisfactory way. The way of price determination is shifting from a cost-based approach to a market clearing one. The conclusions for Slovenia suggest that, at least for the period studied, convergence to a market clearing economy, as measured by the state intervention, is not as rapid as desired.
__label__0, Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies such as scrapie in sheep and goats, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in humans and bovine spongiform encephalopathy in cattle, are neurodegenerative disorders. A proposed causative agent for these diseases is an infectious protein, the so called ‘prion’. An abnormal isoform of prion protein (PrPSc) can be detected according to the prion propagation method used. As PrPSc appears to constitute the main, if not the only, infectious entity its detection for the diagnosis of prion diseases is important. Immunodetection methods for PrPSc analysis are popular tools for diagnosis and research studies. In this paper, a review of the present knowledge concerning immunodetection is presented and the enhancement of the immunoreactivity of antisera to mouse and hamster prion protein peptides using the techniques of Western blotting and immunohistochemistry is summarized.
__label__0, Data and findings concerning the development of an effective male sterility system (as already applied in the practice of producing tomato hybrid seed) through the use of the positional sterility (ps 2) gene are reported. Undesirable selfing and the necessity of emasculation are discussed as the two main disadvantages that limit the use of ps 2-sterile seed parents in tomato hybrid seed production. The following specific characteristics in the performance of ps 2-lines were evaluated: 1) the percentage of selfing in the ps 2-lines varies within and between the years of growing, being forever lowest during the period of hybrid seed production; 2) the percentage of selfed seeds when using a ps 2-line as seed parent in producing hybrid seed is significantly lower than the percentage of selfing, observed on this same line; 3) the ps 2-gene expressivity varies depending on the genotype. This enables the breeding of ps 2-lines exhibiting very low percentage of selfing; 4) stamen emasculation at anthesis (as applied in ps 2-lines) is significantly easier and more rapid than emasculation in floral buds. The easy maintenance of the sterile lines – by artificial selfing it is possible to produce 100% ps 2 progeny – and the high yield of hybrid seed obtained are discussed as important advantages in using this type of sterility in tomato hybrid seed production.
__label__0, The effect of melanin bleaching on the immunoreactivity of the MIB1-Ki67 antigen in pigmented melanocytic lesions was investigated. Eight paired non-pigmented and heavily pigmented malignant melanomas (6 primary melanomas and 2 secondary melanomas) were selected. Avidin–biotin immunoperoxidase complex (ABC) and microwave antigen retrieval were used in immunostaining. Sections were incubated with 10% H2O2 for 24 h before immunostaining with primary antibody MIB1, or after the completion of immunostaining. Non-bleached controls were obtained by conducting the identical staining but omitting the bleaching procedure. In all heavily pigmented lesions bleached by 10% H2O2 before or after immunostaining, the melanin was bleached effectively and MIB1-positively stained cells were clearly seen. Cell counting in the non-pigmented group found that there were no significant differences in the percentage of MIB1-positive melanoma cells (%MIB1) between non-bleached controls and those sections which had been bleached by 10% H2O2 either before or after the immunostaining. The results suggest that hydrogen peroxide can effectively bleach melanin in pigmented melanocytic lesions without significantly affecting MIB1-Ki67 immunolabelling.
__label__0, Wheat production is often limited by continual or terminal heat stress. The current study was aimed at the characterization of wild relatives and cultivated Triticum species for their heat tolerance in yield and its analysis in relation to yield components which confer yield stability at the three ploidy levels. Thirty-two non-cultivated and cultivated genotypes belonging to diploid, tetraploid and hexaploid wheat species were evaluated for heat stress tolerance in the field under full irrigation. Wheat species were sown in the field(New Delhi, India; 77°12′E, 28°40′N, 228.6 m m.s.l) at two dates of sowing, November (normal) and January (late Sowing) during winter seasons of 1994–95 and 1995–96. The late sown crop experienced 3°C warmer temperatures than that of the normal sown crop. Wide variability was observed for grain yield stability under heat stress, as the heat susceptibility index (S) ranged from 0.13 to 2.08. Hexaploidy conferred the productive and adaptive advantages as it combined high yield and stability when compared to the tetraploid and diploid groups. However within each ploidy group wide variation was observed for heat tolerance. T. aestivum cv C306 & HI1136, T. dicoccoides, T. monococcum acc. BSP1 and Ae. speltoides ssp. liqustica were highly heat tolerant in their grain yield. Stability in grain no. m- 2 conferred yield stability in all three ploidy levels, although grain weight stability also contributed to yield stability in moderately stable T. turgidum and T. sphaerococcum under heat stress. Higher biomass and grain no. m-2 are the two important traits which could be considered potential selection criteria for yield under heat stress. Of the two components of grain no. m-2, stability in spike no. m-2could be considered more important trait than grain no. spike-1. Since wide variation for heat tolerance of all the yield components are available among the wheat species, these species can be used for improving specific yield components of cultivated wheat.
__label__0, The inheritance of gramine indole alkaloid was studied in F1 and F2 generations derived from crosses between wild ( Hordeum vulgare subsp. spontaneum) and cultivated ( H. vulgare subsp. vulgare) barley at adult stage in the field. The means of gramine content were very low in F1s and F2s in April and May. The ratio of progeny containing gramine to those without gramine (near zero or undetectable) fit a mono-genic or di-genic model in F2 generation. However, the content of gramine might be controlled by minor genes in the gramine-containing plants. The direction of dominance was toward lower gramine content. The averages of dominance ( h/d) in F1 and F2 ranged from partial to complete. Broad-sense heritabilities were high (0.70 to 0.77). The usefulness of hybrids for breeding aphid resistance and possibility increasing palatability of grazing pasture for sheep and cattle is discussed.
__label__0, Cardiac mast cells have been recently isolated and characterized in humans, however canine cardiac mast cells have not been investigated. The objective of this study is to describe the histological and morphological characteristics of canine cardiac mast cells and examine the potential usefulness of canine models in investigating the role of mast cells in cardiovascular pathology. Canine cardiac mast cells could be easily identified by staining with Toluidine Blue or FITC-avidin. Using Toluidine Blue staining, we demonstrated fewer mast cells in formalin-fixed samples than in specimens fixed in Carnoy's, thus identifying a formalin-sensitive mast cell population in the canine heart. Mast cells were equally distributed in atria and ventricles with approximately 50% showing a perivascular location. Using enzyme-histochemical techniques, we detected tryptase and chymase activity in canine cardiac mast cells. Ultrastructural studies identified mast cells as granular cells with an eccentric non-segmented nucleus. Immunohistochemistry with the macrophage specific antibody AM-3K demonstrated that resident cardiac macrophages were 1.9 times more numerous than mast cells, also showing a predominantly perivascular (60%) location. Perivascular macrophages were more often periarteriolar, whereas perivascular mast cells were more often located along small veins and capillaries. Due to their ability to release cytokines and growth factors and their strategic perivascular location, resident cardiac inflammatory cells, such as mast cells and macrophages, may be important in pathological processes causing myocardial inflammation and fibrosis. Furthermore, mast cell-derived chymase, an important angiotensin II-forming enzyme may have a significant role in regulating the cardiac renin-angiotensin system.
__label__0, During inflammation, leukocyte emigration from the circulation can be directed by the endothelium, in part by the inducible endothelial adhesion ligand for L-selectin. In this study, endothelial L-selectin ligand expression was localized by immuno-histochemistry in human lung in several different types of lung inflammation and in systemic inflammation. Endothelial L-selectin ligand was not seen in normal lung or in acute pneumonia involving neutrophil accumulation. However, the endothelial ligand was seen in most cases of chronic interstitial pneumonia with mononuclear cell accumulation (a mean of 5.9% of microvessels positive). Regarding granulomatous conditions, in sarcoidosis the endothelial ligand was not identified, but in tuberculous infection some expression was seen in a minority of cases (mean 3.3% of microvessels positive). In contrast, consistent, typically extensive ligand induction (mean 33.4% of microvessels positive) was present in bronchiectatic lung showing prominent lymphocytic accumulation and venules with thickened (high) endothelium, the latter being normally characteristic of lymphoid tissue in which L-selectin ligand is known to be constitutively expressed. Lung from subjects with systemic infection was negative for endothelial expression of the ligand. These studies show how in a defined extralymphoid tissue induction of endothelial L-selectin ligand depended not only on the presence or absence of an inflammatory state, but also on the nature of the inflammation.
__label__0, Using fluorescence microscopy, the mouse monoclonal antibody 2G2 was found to label mitochondria in human cells, as assessed by double staining with either Rhodamine 123 or a polyclonal antibody to mitochondrial matrix HSP-60 proteins. No reactivity to the 2G2 antibody was detected in cells from mouse, rat and chicken. Immunoblotting analysis demonstrated that the 2G2 antigen corresponds to a human protein with a relative mobility of 110 kDa and an approximate isoelectric point of 6.5 that co-partitions with HSP-60 proteins during isolation of mitochondria from HeLa cells. Close examination of the 2G2 staining pattern in HeLa and Fanconi's anaemia cells revealed differences in the morphology and organization of mitochondria in these two cell types. In HeLa cells, mitochondria appear as individual tubular compartments of variable length and are closely associated with vimentin filaments, particularly at the periphery of the nucleus. In Fanconi's anaemia cells, mitochondria have a filamentous shape and form an interconnected cytoplasmic reticulum running in parallel with both vimentin filaments and microtubules. After stabilization with aldehyde- or alcohol-based fixation protocols that optimize the preservation of cytoskeletal components, the epitope targeted by the 2G2 antibody may serve as a valuable marker in the investigation of relationships between mitochondria and other cellular structures in human cells.
__label__0, The influence of plating conditions on the cathode efficiency of zinc barrel electroplating and the quality of deposited layers for low cyanide electrolytes is analysed. The investigations are carried out using factorial design methodology. The first part of the study shows how electrolyte components, such as brightening agent, sodium carbonate concentration, sodium hydroxide concentration, sodium cyanide concentration and zinc metal content, influence cathode efficiency and the morphology and the texture of the zinc electrodeposits. A mathematical model that fits experimental data is suggested and the pseudo three-dimensional plot of yield as a function of electrolyte composition for three significant component mixtures, brightening agent, sodium cyanide concentration and zinc metal content, is represented. The second part of the study shows how varying six process parameters influences current efficiency and metal thickness distribution. For the range studied, efficiency is affected by workload volume, current density, perforation and part size, but not by rotation speed and quantity of charge.
__label__0, We draw a distinction between the Aharonov–Bohm phase shift and the Aharonov–Bohm effect. Although the Aharonov–Bohm phase shift occurring when an electron beam passes around a magnetic solenoid is well-verified experimentally, it is not clear whether this phase shift occurs because of classical forces or because of a topological effect occurring in the absence of classical forces as claimed by Aharonov and Bohm. The mathematics of the Schroedinger equation itself does not reveal the physical basis for the effect. However, the experimentally observed Aharonov–Bohm phase shift is of the same form as the shift observed due to electrostatic forces for which the consensus view accepts the role of the classical forces. The Aharonov–Bohm phase shift may well arise from classical electromagnetic forces which are simply more subtle in the magnetic case since they involve relativistic effects of the order v2/c2. Here we first review the experimentally observable differences between phenomena arising from classical forces and phenomena arising from the quantum topological effect suggested by Aharonov and Bohm. Second we point out that most discussions of the classical electromagnetic forces involved when a charged particle passes a solenoid are inaccurate because they omit the Faraday induction terms. The subtleties of the relativisitic v2/c2 classical electromagnetic forces between a point charge and a solenoid have been explored by Coleman and Van Vleck in their analysis of the Shockley–James paradox; indeed, we point out that an analysis exactly parallel to that of Coleman and Van Vleck suggests that the Aharonov–Bohm phase shift is actually due to classical electromagnetic forces. Finally we note that electromagnetic velocity fields penetrate even excellent conductors in a form which is unfamiliar to many physicists. An ohmic conductor surrounding a solenoid does not screen out the magnetic field of the passing charge, but rather the time-integral of the magnetic field is an invariant; this time integral is precisely what is involved in the classical explanation of the Aharonov–Bohm phase shift. Thus the persistence of the Aharonov–Bohm phase shift when the solenoid is surrounded by a conductor does not exclude a classical force-based explanation for the phase shift. At present there is no experimental evidence for the Aharonov–Bohm effect.
__label__0, The nucleon spin problem raises experimental and theoretical questions regarding the contribution of the orbital angular momentum of the quarks to the total spin of the nucleon. In this article we examine the commutation relationships of various operators that contribute to the total angular momentum of the nucleon. We find that the sum of the orbital plus gluon field angular momenta should satisfy the angular momentum commutators, at least up to the one-loop level. This, requirement on the sum of these operators imposes a non-trivial restriction on the form of the color electric and magnetic fields. This is similar to the magnetic monopole/electric charge system where it is only the sum of the orbital plus field angular momentum that satisfies the correct commutation relationships.
__label__0, A perturbative QCD treatment of the pion wave function is applied to computing the scattering amplitude for coherent high relative momentum di-jet production from a nucleon.
__label__0, We introduce excited binomial states and excited negative binomial states of theradiation field by repeated application of the photon creation operator on binomialstates and negative binomial states. They reduce to Fock states and excitedcoherent states in certain limits and can be viewed as intermediate states betweenFock states and coherent states. We find that both the excited binomial statesand excited negative binomial states can be exactly normalized in terms ofhypergeometric functions. Base on this interesting characteristic, some of thestatistical properties are discussed.
__label__0, The possibility of an extrinsic origin for inertial reaction forces has recently seen increased attention in the physical literature. Among theories of extrinsic inertia, the two considered by the current work are (1) the hypothesis that inertia is a result of gravitational interactions and (2) the hypothesis that inertial reaction forces arise from the interaction of material particles with local fluctuations of the quantum vacuum. A recent article supporting the former and criticizing the latter is shown to contain substantial errors.
__label__0, Full-fledged distance teaching universities (DTUS), that have been established since the early 1970s in various parts of the world, were perceived by many of their conventional counterparts as unique institutions, assigned with special tasks outside the realm of mainstream higher education. The major thrust of this paper is to examine from a comparative perspective to what extent have the agendas of the DTUs in the last two decades moved from the margins to the center stage of higher education, in relation to: reaching out to diverse student clienteles; professional upgrading; flexible curricula and academic programs; focusing on teaching; harnessing advanced technology to the service of higher education; managing large-scale universities; designing extensive support systems; and globalization and collaboration in higher education. DTUs can be viewed from many respects as forerunners in facing and dealing with challenges that confront higher education systems all around the globe. Nowadays, the boundaries between distance and campus universities are in a continuous process of blurring and convergence, and it is likely that the future interrelations between them will be marked both by a growing competition and a growing cooperation.
__label__0, This article aims to present an analysis of the change over long periods in school attendance figures in France in the 19th and 20th centuries. The interest of the approach is twofold. Firstly it is of immediate practical interest insofar as it is an original reconstruction of the French educational system. It is also of theoretical interest, as it provides better knowledge of the mechanism regulating the development of the system over a long period. In this respect, reflection is in three parts. First, the chronological series compiled are presented to prepare the statistical analysis. The trends observed are then described and finally a preliminary analysis of the causes of the change is provided, with stress laid on the institutional aspects.
__label__0, Acceptance of the Calogero hypothesis on the “cosmic origin of quantization”in the framework of Nelson stochastic mechanics would imply that the age ofuniverse is larger than the standard quantum mechanical interpretation of theredshift measurement implies. This is due to variation of h with the radius of theuniverse and thus with time.
__label__0, Electrolytic production of hypochlorite in very dilute chloride solutions is investigated using platinum and iridium oxide coated titanium expanded metal electrodes as anodes. The dependence of the hypochlorite production rate on temperature, chloride concentration and current density was determined. It was found that the hypochlorite production rate is consistently higher on iridium oxide coated titanium compared to platinum coated titanium electrodes.
__label__0, The category SP of state property systems and their morphisms was presentedby Aerts et al. In the present article I will present the functors which establishthe equivalence of this category SP and the category Cls of closure spaces andcontinuous maps. Aerts et al. and Van Steirteghem proved that T0 closure spacescorrespond to 'state determined' state property systems. In this paper I will showthat T1 closure spaces correspond to 'atomistic' state property systems. I alsouse the equivalence between the categories SP and Cls to construct the productof state property systems.
__label__0, Forty accessions, forming a core collection of mainly bush type of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) germplasm in the Netherlands, were evaluated for 14 qualitative and quantitative traits at the Agricultural University, Wageningen (WAU), the Netherlands in 1992. These and an additional 117 Dutch accessions, mainly collected in private home gardens, were also evaluated for phaseolin seed protein pattern, and morphological and agronomic traits at the International Center for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT, Spanish acronym), Cali, Columbia between 1987 and 1997. Multivariate and principal component analyses at both WAU and CIAT indicated existence of one large group with no discernable patterns among Dutch common bean collections of landraces, garden forms and cultivars. However, when phaseolin, an evolutionary, biochemical marker, was used as an initial classification criterion followed by use of morphological markers, the two major gene pools; Andean and Middle American with two races in each (Chile and Nueva Granada in Andean, and Durango and Mesoamerica in Middle American) were identified. The Andean gene pool was predominant (136 of 157 accessions), especially the race Nueva Granada (126 accessions) characterized by the bush determinate growth habit type I and T phaseolin. The new core collection comprised 31 accessions. Bean races Chile, Durango, and Mesoamerica were represented by 10, 7, and 14 accessions, respectively. Of the 9 French or snap bean accessions six possessed characteristics of race Mesoamerica and three belonged to Durango race. Occurrence of these and a large number of other recombinants strongly suggested considerable hybridization and gene exchange between Andean and Middle American gene pools, thus blurring the natural boundaries and forming a large single group of common bean germplasm in the Netherlands. The inter-gene-pool recombinants of both dry and French beans should be of special interest to breeders for use as bridging-parents for development of broad-based populations.
__label__0, Wigner's theorem on symmetry transformations can be formulated in the followingway. If φ is a bijective map on the set of all nonzero minimal projections in atype I factor A which preserves transition probabilities with respect to a faithfulnormal semifinite trace, then it can be extended to a linear *-automorphism orto a linear *-antiautomorphism of A. In this paper we prove a natural analogueof this statement for type II factors.
__label__0, The quantum field theory of a scalar field in curved space-time is studied usingthe squeezed coherent state representation. In this representation the expectationvalues of the stress-energy tensor of the scalar field is calculated. The presentcalculation can account for the production of particles in the early universe.
__label__0, We treat here three apparently uncorrelated topics from the point of view of dense measurement: The EPR paradox, the teleportation process, and Wheeler's delayed-choice experiment (DCE). We begin with the DCE and show, using its unique nature and the histories formalism, that use may ascertain and fix the notion of dense measurement (the Zeno effect). We show here by including the experimenter (observer) as an inherent part of the physical system and using the Aharonov–Vardi notion of dense measurement along a path, that knowledge of certain properties of the incoming system (after a measurement) is equivalent to dense measurement. We reach the same conclusion by discussing the teleportation process, and the EPR paradox from, the same point of view.
__label__0, We address the question of whether nonvacuum initial states for cosmologicalperturbations are allowed, or whether they are ruled out on the basis of presentexperimental and observational data. Our choice of a nonvacuum initial state isguided by the idea that the initial state could have a built-in characteristic scale.We find that a class of initial states can fit the data; however, the initial statesmust be close to the vacuum.
__label__0, DNA can be divided functionally into three categories: (1) genes — which code for proteins or specify non-messenger RNAs; (2) semons — short specific sequences involved in the replication, segregation, recombination or specific attachments of chromosomes, or chromosome regions (e.g. loops or domains) or selfish genetic elements; (3) secondary DNA — which does not function by means of specific sequences. Probably more than 90% of DNA in the biosphere is secondary DNA present in the nuclei of plants and phytoplankton. The amount of genic DNA is related to the complexity of the organism, whereas the amount of secondary DNA increases proportionally with cell volume, and not with complexity. This correlation is most simply explained by the skeletal DNA hypothesis, according to which nuclear DNA functions as the basic framework for the assembly of the nucleus and the total genomic DNA content functions (together with relatively invariant folding rules) in determining nuclear volumes. Balanced growth during the cell cycle requires the cytonuclear ratio to be basically constant, irrespective of cell volume; thus nuclear volumes, and therefore the overall genome size, have to be evolutionarily adjusted to changing cell volumes for optimal function. Bacteria, mitochondria, chloroplasts and viruses have no nuclear envelope; and the skeletal DNA hypothesis simply explains why secondary DNA is essentially absent from them but present in large cell nuclei. Hitherto it has been difficult to refute the alternative hypothesis that nuclear secondary DNA (whether ‘junk’ or selfish DNA) accumulates merely by mutation pressure, and that selection for economy is not strong enough to eliminate it, whereas accumulation in mitochondria and plastids is prevented by intracellular replicative competition between their multiple genomes. New data that discriminate clearly between these explanations for secondary DNA come from cryptomonads and chlorarachneans, two groups of algae that originated independently by secondary symbiogenesis (i.e., the merger of two radically different eukaryote cells) several hundred million years ago. In both groups the nucleus and plasma membrane of the former algal symbiont persist as the nucleomorphs and periplastid membrane, respectively. The fact that nucleomorphs have undergone a 200- to 1000-fold reduction in genome size and have virtually no secondary DNA shows that selection against non-functional nuclear DNA is strong enough to eliminate it very efficiently; therefore, the large amounts of secondary DNA in the former host nuclei of these chimaeras, and in nuclei generally, must be being maintained by positive selection. The divergent selection for secondary DNA in the nucleus and against it in nucleomorphs is readily explicable by the skeletal DNA hypothesis, given the different spectrum of gene functions that it encodes.
__label__0, The 1D nonrelativistic Schrödinger equation possessing an irregular singularpoint is investigated. We apply a general theorem about existence and structureof solutions of linear ordinary differential equations to the Schrödinger equationand obtain suitable ansatz functions and their asymptotic representations for alarge class of singular potentials. Using these ansatz functions, we work out allpotentials for which the irregular singularity can be removed and replaced by aregular one. We obtain exact solutions for these potentials and present sourcecode for the computer algebra system Mathematica to compute the solutions. Forall cases in which the singularity cannot be weakened, we calculate the mostgeneral potential for which the Schrödinger equation is solved by the ansatzfunctions obtained and develop a method for finding exact solutions.
__label__0, We have used RAPD markers to characterize Prunus rootstocks from different species, both commercial, and selected clones from the breeding program at Aula Dei Experimental Station (Zaragoza, Spain). Molecular markers were used to study the genetic variation among different species, and within species. Forty one genotypes were used in this study. They included P. amygdalo-persica, and P. persica × P. davidiana hybrids; P. cerasifera, P. domestica, and P. insititia clones, and other diverse interspecific hybrids, which were divided in three groups according to postulated taxonomic classification. Diversity patterns obtained from 80 RAPD primers were evaluated in a representative subset of genotypes. This screening helped to identify 7 RAPD primers that were selected to produce a combined classification of the whole set of rootstock clones. This analysis successfully clustered rootstocks according to the classification scheme widely used to characterize Prunus clones, mainly based on morphological descriptors. Further than that, it supported the alleged origin of some interspecific materials, and confirmed a case of possible misclassification (‘Myrobalan 29 C’). A more thorough diversity analysis was conducted within each group of materials, using larger sets of primers (12–14). After this analysis, disjointed clusters were formed for P. amygdalo-persica and P. persica × P. davidiana hybrids in one group, and for Myrobalan (P. cerasifera) and Marianna (P. cerasifera × P. munsoniana) plums in another group. P. insititia and P. domestica clones, however, formed a jumbled cluster, possibly due to genetic interchange among them during their domestication and breeding history.
__label__0, In conventional empirical likelihood, there is exactly one structural constraint for every parameter. In some circumstances, additional constraints are imposed to reflect additional and sought-after features of statistical analysis. Such an augmented scheme uses the implicit power of empirical likelihood to produce very natural adaptive statistical methods, free of arbitrary tuning parameter choices, and does have good asymptotic properties. The price to be paid for such good properties is in extra computational difficulty. To overcome the computational difficulty, we propose a ‘least-squares’ version of the empirical likelihood. The method is illustrated by application to the case of combined empirical likelihood for the mean and the median in one sample location inference.
__label__0, The nonassociative axiomatics of the relativistic law of composition of velocities in special relativity is presented. For the first time the canomical unary operations are considered.
__label__0, A dual form of the general relativistic and covariant generalization of the first vorticity theorem of Helmholtz is proven. This dual form is the generalization of Boltzmann's formulation of the Helmholtz theorem.
__label__0, The genetic relationships among 32 white grapevine varieties (Vitis vinifera L.) grown in different French and Spanish regions were surveyed by using RAPD markers. Two hundred and eight clear and unambiguous RAPD markers were amplified by using 33 primers previously selected. Genetic relationships were established by UPGMA cluster analysis and also by studying RAPD low frequency bands. Three groups of varieties were clearly defined. The stability of the genetic structuration was surveyed by Student t-test and the confidence for certain nodes of the dendrogram was confirmed by bootstrap method. Varieties were separated in clear geographical groups with Atlantic or Mediterranean influence. Some of them were classified according to a common cultivation area and ampelographic characters, suggesting a common origin. In addition, ‘Albariño’, ‘Caíño Blanco’ and ‘Loureiro Blanco’ from Galicia (Spain) and ‘Melon’, ‘Chardonnay’ and ‘Aligoté’ from Burgundy (France) were closely related varieties. Two new closely related couples were defined as ‘Godello’ and ‘Verdejo’, and ‘Malvar’ and ‘Malvasía’.
__label__0, This paper describes packages for symbolic calculations in quantum groups, noncommutative differential geometry, and multivalued logic. The package for quantum groups and the program for logic are written in Mathematica 3.0 and/or 4.0. As an example, some results in the logic obtained using these packages are presented.
__label__0, This paper explores and analyses the concept of knowledge and its application in economics by means of the Schumpeterian framework provided by New Growth Theory. In doing so, we focus on the particular role of knowledge spillovers in a small open economy such as the Netherlands.
__label__0, The Research Assessment Exercise (RAE), first established by the UK University Grants Committee in 1985 has been an important instrument in the modernisation of higher education in the UK. It is a means of rationalising the stratification of universities and the concentration of research resources, and of maximising research output. At the same time, while its operation remains substantially under professional control, it has had profound implications for the academic profession. The article explores these through analysing the workings of the RAE and its consequences for higher education institutions, departments and individuals. It suggests that the RAE has triggered substantial changes in the management of the research function in universities and in the culture of university departments. It has disturbed the web of relationship between the individual academic, the discipline, the department and the institution. It has impacted on individual professional identities and concepts of research responsibilities.
__label__0, The expression of common fragile sites (c‐fra) and frequency of chromosomal aberrations were studied in peripheral lymphocytes of 50 healthy Turkish individuals (26 males and 24 females from 1 to 87 years of age) after induction with aphidicolin (APC), 5′‐fluorodeoxyuridine (FUdR), and caffeine. A correlation was seen between age and the frequency of chromosomal aberrations in APC and caffeine treated cultures, but there were no significant differences in the frequencies of chromosomal aberrations between males and females in any of the treatments. The mean frequency of aberrations induced by FUdR was significantly higher than that induced by APC and caffeine. A chromosome aberration is defined as a fragile site when present in 1% of the cells analyzed from each culture and in at least 50% of the individuals studied. Using these criteria, 12 c‐fra were observed in the three treatments: 1p21, 1q21, 2p11‐q11, 3p14, 4q31, 6q26, 7q22, 7q32, 8q24, 11q23, 16q23, and Xp22. Sites 3p14, 16q23, and Xp22 were the most frequently observed c‐fra, with only the frequency of Xp22 being significantly increased in females in APC treated cultures. The results of these studies are important as a base against which the effects of other clastogenic and environmental agents, as well as genetic background, can be compared.
__label__0, Two lines of hexaploid wheat were crossed and the basic generations of parent, F1, F2 and back-cross were sown in a controlled-environment chamber. FreshF1 and back-cross grains were generated, so the material could be handled either as the standard set of basic generations on a whole-plant basis, or as an extended set on an embryo or endosperm basis. The experiment was repeated. Mature grains were harvested and the starch particle size distribution was analysed in 3284 grains from 111 plants. Means and variances were partitioned into additive, dominance and interaction components. Grains from cross-pollinations had B-granule contents between parental values, rather than of the maternal parent, indicating an involvement of the grain genotype. Quantitative models based on endosperm genotype gave a better fit to the data than those based on embryo genotype. The difference in starch B-granule content between the parents was largely due to additive genes. Dominant genes were also indicated, with the first dose in the triploid endosperm having a large effect while the second dose had little or none. Non-allelic interactions were significant in the second experiment where the use of more types of backcross made them more detectable. There were also small and significant residual effects of the maternal plant in the first experiment, attributed to the vigour of the F1 mother plant and to the cytoplasm of Sunco. Narrow-sense heritability was low, between 0.05and 0.18 depending on the generation. Transgressive segregation was not found, suggesting that all alleles tending to increase the B-granule content were found in the Sunco parent and none in ME71. There was also no detectable heterosis in this character. The results show that breeding and selection for a low B-granule content should be possible but a further reduction will require new and complementary genes.
__label__0, Benzene oxidation in sulfuric acid at a glassy carbon electrode was investigated using voltammetric, chronoamperometric, and spectroscopic methods. The results are compared with those at a Pt electrode. Benzene was observed to be oxidized to benzoquinone presumably by active oxygen that was adsorbed on the GC electrode in the oxygen evolution region. It is concluded that oxidation at glassy carbon can produce benzoquinone or quinone-like compounds from an aqueous benzene solution. The applied potential for benzene oxidation should be less than 2.1 V vs RHE in order to prevent glassy carbon electrode damage by oxidation during long operation.
__label__0, An important factor in the natural spread of soybean mosaic virus (SMV) is that viruliferous aphid landing must be followed by probing. Previous studies showed that increased pubescence density of soybean provided resistance to SMV by inhibiting the probing activities of aphids. In this study we compared the incidence level of SMV infection in six `Clark' isolines with different pubescence densities and fit the disease progress curves (increase with time in the percent of plants infected with SMV) in three Clark isolines with normal, dense, and extra-dense pubescence to compare patterns of SMV spread in the field. Our objectives were (1) to corroborate the effects of dense pubescence on the incidence level of SMV infection and extend this to soybean with extra-dense pubescence; (2) to characterize the effects of pubescence density on occurrence of SMV epidemics. Each increase in pubescence density reduced the incidence level of SMV infection. The pubescence density of soybean affected the disease progress curves of SMV. The dense pubescence isoline had a lower upper asymptote parameter, and the extra-dense pubescence isoline had both a lower upper asymptote parameter and a larger delay parameter than the normal pubescence isoline. On the other hand, denser pubescence did not significantly affect the rate of SMV spread. Therefore, dense pubescence provided resistance to SMV by reducing the maximum incidence of SMV infection while extra-dense pubescence provided resistance by both reducing the maximum incidence of infection and delaying the time at which maximum SMV spread occurred.
__label__0, Copper was deposited on micropatterned electrodes in a parallel plate reactor (PPR) using an industrial acid copper plating bath, and the deposit thickness distributions were measured. The plating bath contained, besides copper sulfate and sulfuric acid as main components, small amounts of sodium chloride and an organic additive LP-1TM. Copper deposition was carried out under various flow conditions (laminar and turbulent) and applied current densities. Three patterns, each of them consisting of a series of parallel copper microtracks, were manufactured on the electrode surface. The pattern position was chosen to be parallel or perpendicular to the flow direction, corresponding to the two extreme positions for the industrial plating process of patterned electrodes, in casu the round pattern tracks of minicoils. A multi-ion model was used to simulate copper deposition from sulphuric acid solutions, taking into account flow phenomena controlling the mass transfer rate, and the deposition kinetics. The differential equations were solved numerically by use of the multidimensional upwinding method (MDUM). Copper deposition on plane electrodes was investigated and compared to cd distributions obtained from MDUM-simulations. For the case of perpendicular pattern position in laminar flow, the deposit growth in the vias was also modelled and simulated numerically.
__label__0, In the present report, the prolactin secretory pathways were re-examined in cultured lactotrophs submitted to various experimental conditions of stimulation, inhibition and/or alteration of the intracellular flow of the synthesis and release of prolactin.Primary cultures of rat pituitary cells stimulated with thyrotropin-releasing hormone, or inhibited with either cycloheximide or dopamine in the presence or absence of 0.1 µg/ml brefeldin A, were used. The radioimmunoassay quantification of released and intracellular prolactin was correlated with ultrastructural and immunocytochemical studies.Brefeldin A diminished significantly the secretion and the intracellular content of prolactin 4 h after application, while morphological effects were seen starting from 30 min. The drug did not modify the response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone (120% increment). The simultaneous incubation of brefeldin A with cycloheximide or dopamine diminished the released prolactin concomitant with a lower (cycloheximide) or greater (dopamine) hormonal intracellular prolactin content with respect to brefeldin A. The combined treatment cycloheximide–dopamine inhibited prolactin secretion. The ultrastructural and immunocytochemical features of lactotrophs supported these radioimmunoassay data.These results revealed that prolactin release in vitro in the presence or not of brefeldin A is dependent on either: the neo-synthesized hormone that can be inhibited by cycloheximide, and the hormone stored in granules, the exocytosis of which was blocked by dopamine, indicates the contribution of both constitutive and regulated pathways in the secretory process. The brefeldin A blockade of the intracellular transport also disclosed morphological evidence of an alternative pathway of prolactin secretion through vesicles originated in the rough endoplasmic reticulum bypassing the Golgi complex.
__label__0, As one of the so-called basic skills, 'mathematics' or 'numeracy' is at the top of the list of subjects in adult education programmes. Together with political investment in general and further education, practitioners and theoreticians focus on 'knowing and learning in different contexts'. Jean Lave's theory about 'situated learning' may be regarded as a confrontation with the idea of learning as acquisition of propositional knowledge. One characteristic of adult education in mathematics is that the participants bring with them adult life experience from their everyday and work. Another characteristic is their perspective in educating themselves. There is an apparent contradiction between many adults being blocked in relation to mathematics in formal settings and being competent in their everyday life. It is possible to make sense of this contradiction by analytically expanding the context for knowing and learning mathematics from the participants' experiences and perspectives to also include the adults' dispositions, cf. Pierre Bourdieu's concept of 'habitus' as a guiding principle for practice. By interpreting the account of her life by a 75 year old woman concerning her attitudes to mathematics, the author illustrates and discusses the two analytical concepts ('situated learning' and 'habitus') and their suitability for analysing adults knowing or not-knowing mathematics in different situation contexts.
__label__0, The effect of fluoride on the electrochemical behaviour of titanium was studied. Open circuit potentials, breakdown potentials (E b) and potentiostatic transient currents were measured in synthetic salivas of different compositions. Optical and scanning electron microscopic observations were also made. Results show that the growth rate of Ti oxide layer is affected by fluoride anions and tensile stresses are developed. The OCP/time relationship of Ti immersed in salivas A and B obeys a logarithmic law which depends on the saliva composition. The E b value is influenced by the thickness of the oxide layer, by the composition of the saliva (including fluoride concentration), and by the technique utilised for its evaluation. Thus, results reported in the literature, which seem to be contradictory, could be explained taking into account the experimental conditions assayed. A careful control of the titanium-containing dental materials should be made after long treatments with fluoride-containing prophylactic products or when fluoride-releasing restorative materials are present in the vicinity.
__label__0, We have previously found an accession of Lycopersicon pimpinellifolium (Jusl.) Mill. (`TO-937') that appeared to resist attack by the two-spotted spider mite (Tetranychus urticae Koch). L. pimpinellifolium is a very close relative of the cultivated tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum Mill.) and thereby a potential source of desirable traits that could be introgressed to the crop species. The objective of this study was to investigate the genetics of the resistance present in `TO-937'. Resistance to infestation by the spider mite was quantified in 24-plant plots of L. pimpinellifolium accessions `TO-937' and `PE-10', L. pennellii accession `PE-45', L. esculentum cultivars `Moneymaker', `Roma' and `Kalohi' (reported to be partially resistant: Stoner & Stringfellow, 1967), and the interspecific F1 cross, L. esculentum `Moneymaker' × L. pimpinellifolium `TO-937'. Only `TO-937', the F1, and`PE-45' were found to be resistant. Resistance of `TO-937' was complete when evaluated in two small greenhouses completely planted with `TO-937' so as to simulate the genotypic homogeneity usual in commercial crops. Generations (P1, P2, F1, F2, BC1P1, and BC1P2) of a P1 (susceptible) × P2 (resistant) cross (`Moneymaker' × `TO-937') were studied for resistance in a single-plant per plot design. Resistance of `TO-937' was inherited with complete dominance and appeared to be controlled by either two or four genes according to whether segregation in the F2 or the BC1P1, respectively, were considered. However, calculation of the number of genes involved in the resistance was complicated by negative interplot interference due to the high frequency of resistant genotypes within most of the generations.
__label__0, In non-Bayesian statistics, it is often realistic to replace a full distributional assumption by a much weaker assumption about its first few moments; such as for instance, mean and variance. Along the same lines in Bayesian statistics one may wish to replace a completely specified prior distribution by an assumption about just a few moments of the distribution. To deal with such Bayesian semi-parametric models defined only by a few moments, Hartigan (1969, J. Roy. Statist. Soc. Ser. B, 31, 440-454) put forward linear Bayes methodology. By now it has become a standard tool in Bayesian analysis. In this paper we formulate an alternative methodology based on the theory of optimum estimating functions. This alternative methodology is shown to be more readily applicable and efficient in common problems, than the linear Bayes methodology mentioned above.
__label__0, CaMBr1 is a blood group-related tumour-associated antigen, whose pattern of expression provides a therapeutic window for passive or active immunotherapy and points to the promise of a vaccine against carcinomas overexpressing this antigen. In this context, an animal model that closely mimics the human situation would be extremely useful. We, therefore, utilised the murine monoclonal antibody MBr1, which defines CaMBr1, as a useful probe to detect the molecule targeted for vaccine development on canine and feline spontaneous breast and uterus tumours and on their normal counterparts, and on rat normal tissues and carcinoma cell lines. Immunoperoxidase staining of cryostat sections revealed homogeneous CaMBr1 expression only in normal feline uterus and a uterus papilloma, whereas MBr1 reactivity was very weak and heterogeneous in normal (1/3 and 1/3) and tumour (1/10 and 1/6) breast tissues from dogs and cats, respectively. In contrast, the data obtained in rat tissues were reproducible in the strains tested and showed that CaMBr1 was expressed in all epithelial tissues of the digestive tract, although with variable intensities. Monoclonal antibody staining appeared to correspond to membrane-bound structures as well as mucinous secretions. Similarly, secretion products of lactating mammary glands expressed CaMBr1. The spectrum of expression on rat digestive tract was broader than that in humans but the specificity of MBr1 reactivity was confirmed by competition assay with a synthetic tetrasaccharide that mimics the CaMBr1 antigen. On FACS analysis, only one of two clonal derivatives of the rat breast carcinoma line RAMA 25 expressed CaMBr1, and a negative cell subset was evident in repeated experiments. By contrast, both colon carcinoma lines, DHD/K12 and CC531, showed staining with MBr1, albeit at different levels of intensity, and no evidence of a negative subset. The cell line CC531 maintained or even increased CaMBr1 expression levels following transplantation in syngeneic immunocompetent animals. Our data suggest the usefulness of the rat as a test model for vaccines against human cancers overexpressing the CaMBr1 antigen.
__label__0, Lung epithelial cell differentiation pathways remain unclear. This is due in part to the plasticity of these cells and the lack of markers which accurately reflect their differentiation status. The aim of this study was to determine if lectin binding properties are useful determinants of functional differentiation status in vitro. Mouse Clara cells were cultured for 5 days. During this time, no alteration in differentiation was evident by electron microscopy. No significant alteration in binding reactivity of Bauhinia purpurea (BPA), Maclura pomifera (MPA), Concanavalin A, Wheat germ or Helix pomatia lectins occurred in cultures compared with Clara cells in mouse lung tissue. In contrast, nitrotetrazolium blue reductase activity and CC10 expression declined in culture. Rat type II cells were cultured for 8 days. Between days 0 and 4, the number of type II cells identified by electron microscopy was constant at 70–80%, decreasing to 8% by day 6. In contrast, by day 4, only 42% cells retained alkaline phosphatase activity. BPA and MPA reactivity was altered at day 0 and day 4 respectively, compared with cells in situ. Therefore, the reactivity of lectins analysed here does not reflect functional differentiation status of cultured mouse Clara cells. However, BPA and MPA reactivity may be a sensitive indicator of alterations in rat type II cell differentiation in vitro.
__label__0, Evaluation of seedling populations assists in identifying those plants most desirable as parents for a breeding programme. A multivariate analysis of variance (Manova) showed that the seedling populations from 6 kiwifruit (Actinidia deliciosa) crosses differed in their overall merit. Discriminant functions were then used to identify the characters most powerful in distinguishing between populations. The populations were placed in order of their function scores which represent overall merit, and the superior populations were determined. The results showed that `Bruno' was a superior female parent for the production of seedlings with high discriminant function scores for floriferousness (male offspring)and productivity and high vitamin C content (female offspring). One male parent D-1-20 was consistently superior to D-1-6 the other male parent.
__label__0, This article examines the pedagogical and institutional challenges in Africa in the area of technical and professional education facing the partnership between schools and the world of work. It is based on the study of monographs, seminar reports and various other written sources, as well as on the author's own experience with regard to this cooperation. Having identified various existing forms of cooperation, the author highlights some of the major obstacles, such as lack of regulatory documents and the existence of contradictory interests.
__label__0, Salinity is a major constraint to irrigated rice production, particularly in semi-arid and arid climates. Irrigated rice is a well suited crop to controlling and even decreasing soil salinity, but rice is a salt-susceptible crop and yield losses due to salinity can be substantial. The objective of this study was to develop a highly predictive screening tool for the vegetative growth stage of rice to estimate salinity-induced yield losses. Twenty-one rice genotypes were grown over seven seasons in a field trials in Ndiaye, Senegal, between 1991 and 1995 and were subjected to irrigation with moderately saline water (3.5 mS cm-1, electrical conductivity) or irrigation with fresh water. Potassium/sodium ratios of the youngest three leaves (K/NaLeaves) were determined by flame photometry at the late vegetative stage. Grain yield was determined at maturity. All cultivars showed strong log-linear correlations between K/NaLeaves and grain yield, but intercept and slope of those correlations differed between seasons for a given genotype and between genotypes. The K/NaLeaves under salinity was related to grain yield under salinity relative to freshwater controls. There was a highly significant correlation (p < 0.001) between K/NaLeaves and salinity-induced grain yield reduction: the most susceptible cultivars had lowest K/NaLeaves and the strongest yield reductions. Although there were major differences in the effects of salinity on crops in both the hot dry season (HDS) and the wet season, the correlation was equally significant across cropping seasons. The earliest possible time to establish the relationship between K/NaLeaves under salinity and grain yield reduction due to salinity was investigated in an additional trial in the HDS 1998. About 60 days after sowing, salinity-induced yield loss could be predicted through K/NaLeaves with a high degree of confidence (p < 0.01). A screening system for salinity resistance of rice, particularly in arid and semi-arid climates, is proposed based on the correlation between K/NaLeaves under salinity and salinity-induced yield losses.
__label__0, Populations of F6 recombinant inbred lines, generated by single seed descent from a half diallel among eight bread wheat lines adapted to the East African highlands, were used to identify those crosses that were more likely to produce cultivars which combined resistance to yellow rust with improved yield. Crosses having the most resistant line as one parent offered the best prospect of success, particularly those which produced F1hybrids exhibiting better parent heterosis. For plot grain yield there was a highly significant correlation between the observed and predicted rankings of the recombinant inbred line populations for the proportion of individual lines equalling or surpassing the target value. For yellow rust severity, however, this correlation was non-significant when a target value of zero was used. Adopting a slightly less stringent target of 0.25, coupled with the omission of two aberrant populations, increased this correlation significantly. The plant breeding implications of these results are discussed.
__label__0, Dihydrogen peroxide production on platinum particles supported on carbon inside a proton exchange membrane (Nafion®), that is, under the working conditions of PEMFC cathodes, is rather small at the usual oxygen reduction potentials. As on bulk platinum, a four-electron mechanism appears to be the main pathway, with particle size and carbon substrate effects on the H2O2 production. A large increase in the H2O2 contribution takes place at low potentials, that is, at the working potentials of PEMFC anodes.
__label__0, Two approaches to optimise AFLP fingerprinting forthe rapid detection of genetic polymorphisms, i.e.reduced primer selectivity and bulked DNA analysiswere examined. The efficiency of reduced primerselectivity to increase the detection frequency ofgenetic polymorphisms and to obtain more informativefingerprinting profiles was tested in six differentcrops. The number of selective nucleotides was reducedto six in onion, to five in barley, potato, lettuceand cabbage, and to four in flax. This allowed therapid identification of several primer pairs that wereable to discriminate between closely relatedgermplasm. Reproducibility tests on replicate DNAsamples indicated no major negative effects on thereliability of the fingerprinting profiles due to theuse of less selective primers, although for onionpurified DNA was needed to avoid irreproducibleresults. In barley, flax and onion, a less thanfourfold increase in the number of fragments wasobserved when primer pairs were reduced by oneselective nucleotide. This result was attributed todifferent tolerance levels for amplificationmismatches between primer pairs of differentselectivity.The efficiency of bulked DNA analysis to detectgenetic polymorphisms was investigated in differentmixtures of two barley DNA samples. AFLP's of varyingintensity could still be recovered when the two DNA'swere mixed in a 1:1 ratio. However, the frequency ofrecovered bands quickly dropped when in the mixturesthe presence of the DNA carrying the fragments wasdecreased below 50%.The usefulness of the two approaches is discussed inrelation to various aspects of genetic resourcesmanagement.
__label__0, Expression of each of the purinergic receptor subtypes (P2X1–7) was studied by immunohistochemical localization in the apical, lateral and basal plasma membranes of rat uterine epithelial cells during early pregnancy to the time of implantation on Day 6. Labelling for each P2X subtype was seen in the apical, lateral and basal compartments on Days 1 and 3, except for P2X2 which was only observed in the basement membrane. The P2X5 signal was similar in temporal and spatial expression to the other subtypes, but with a greatly reduced intensity. At the time of implantation on Day 6, this pattern altered dramatically. Apical expression markedly increased for most subtypes while the lateral and basal signals were markedly reduced. The exceptions to this pattern were P2X2, which displayed both a strong basal and apical label, and P2X4 which became de-expressed in all areas. We propose that the changing spatial and temporal expression of the P2X receptors is a significant factor in the regulation of events during early pregnancy. They are expressed in the same location as remodelling, apoptosis, and protein activation events prior to implantation on Day 6. These observations suggest an up-regulation of calcium-mediated events, including cytoskeletal alterations, a decrease in luminal pH and transmembrane molecule activation.
__label__0, Polymorphism in the lengths of restriction fragments of the whole cpDNA molecule was studied in cultivated and wild olive growing throughout Morocco. The main Moroccan varieties and old trees cultivated locally (66 individuals), wild olive (45 individuals) and 5 individuals of the taxon, O. laperrineisubsp. maroccana endemic to the western part of the High Atlas, were scored for 10 restriction enzymes. A total of 470 restriction fragments were obtained of which 18 were variable. Four chlorotypes were identified. Chlorotype (I), predominant in wild and cultivated olive of the whole Mediterranean Basin, was observed in all the cultivated trees and in 74%of the wild trees (oleasters) analysed from Morocco, confirming that cultivated and wild olive material are closely related maternally. Chlorotypes II and III, each characterised by a length mutation, were observed exclusively in Moroccan wild types, suggesting that these did not originate exclusively in cultivated varieties, as reported previously by several authors. As compared to the predominant chlorotype I, Chlorotype IV, characterised by a site mutation, was present exclusively in the maroccana individuals, confirming the originality of this taxon.
__label__0, Hexylamine and dodecylamine were investigated as inhibitors of mild steel hydrochloric acid corrosion, in concentrations from 1 × 10−6 to 1.0 M, at a temperature of 298 K. For a given inhibitor concentration, dodecylamine showed higher effectiveness than hexylamine. The inhibitor mechanism was treated as a substitutional adsorption process according to Flory–Huggins (FH), Dhar–Flory–Huggins (DFH) and Bockris–Swinkels (BS) isotherms. The best approach was obtained using FH and DFH isotherms, with one molecule of inhibitor replacing three molecules of water. A structural parameter, the projected molecular area of these two inhibitors, was calculated to elucidate inhibitor orientation in the adsorption process.
__label__0, The electrochemical synthesis of Cr(II) has been investigated on a vitreous carbon rotating disc electrode and a graphite felt electrode using cyclic voltammetry, impedance spectroscopy and chronoamperometry. The results show that in 0.1 M Cr(III) + 0.5 M sulphuric acid and in 0.1 M Cr(III) + 1 M hydrochloric acid over an electrode potential range of −0.8 to 0.8 V vs SCE, the electrochemical reaction at carbon electrodes is essentially a surface process of proton adsorption and desorption, without significant hydrogen evolution and chromium(II) formation. At electrode potentials more negative than −0.8 V vs SCE, both hydrogen evolution and chromium(II) formation occurred simultaneously. At electrode potentials −0.8 to −1.2 V vs SCE, the electrochemical reduction of Cr(III) on carbon electrodes is controlled mainly by charge transfer rather than mass transport. Measurements on vitreous carbon and graphite felt electrodes in 1 M HCl, with and without 0.1 M CrCl3, allowed the exchange current density and Tafel slope for hydrogen evolution, and for the reduction of Cr(III) to Cr(II), to be determined. The chromium(III) reduction on vitreous carbon and graphite electrodes can be predicted by the extended high field approximation of the Butler–Volmer equation, with a term reflecting the conversion rate of Cr(III) to Cr(II).
__label__0, For further genetic improvement of the tomato, it is essential to promote efficient collection, classification, preservation and utilization of the wild tomato species. To investigate the genetic diversity of the `peruvianum-complex' (PC) species of highly polymorphic wild tomato relatives and the genetic relationship between the PC and the`esculentum-complex' (EC) species including the cultivated, an RAPD analysis was carried out. A total of 435 RAPDs were obtained from 50 accessions of all the nine Lycopersicon species using only 10random primers. Average genetic distances among theL. peruvianum accessions and among L. chilense accessions were larger than in any species of the `esculentum-complex' (EC). In addition, the cluster analysis conducted by using the neighbor joining method showed that all the tested accessions were clearly divided into at least four main clusters consisting of the PC, the self-compatible EC, L. pennellii and L. hirsutum. This study demonstrated that the PC species had the largest genetic diversity in the Lycopersicon, and the genetic background of the PC was clearly different from those of the self-compatible EC species including the cultivated tomato. Moreover, it was suggested that the L. peruvianum accessions in northern Peru and the L. chilense accessions in southern Peru might have larger genetic variation in each species. From these results, it was concluded that the PC with such high and different genetic variation would have a potentiality to supply more and useful traits that are unknown at present for further tomato breeding.
__label__0, Tetraploid wheatgrass, Thinopyrum junceiforme(2n = 4x = 28; J1J1J2J2), a wild relative of wheat, is an excellent source of resistance to Fusarium head blight. Intergeneric F1 hybrids (2n = 4x = 28; ABJ1J2) between durum wheat (Triticum turgidum; 2n = 4x = 28; AABB) cultivars Lloyd or Langdon and Th. junceiforme were synthesized. Most of the pairing in F1 hybrids was between the J1- and J2-genome chromosomes. Some pairing occurred between wheat chromosomes and alien chromosomes, resulting in segmental exchange that was confirmed by fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). The F1hybrids were largely male-sterile and were backcrossed, as the female parent, to the respective durum cultivar. Backcrosses from Lloyd × Th. junceiforme hybrids yielded fertile partial amphiploids (2n = 6x = 42; AABBJ1J2) as a result of functioning of unreduced female gametes of the hybrid. Lloyd proved to be a more useful durum parent than Langdon in crosses with Th. junceiforme designed to transfer scab resistance genes. Pairing in the amphiploids was characterized by preferential pairing,which resulted in bivalent formation. However, some intergeneric pairing also occurred. Several fertile hybrid derivatives were produced by further backcrossing and selfing. The introduction of alien chromatin into the durum complement was confirmed by FISH. Hybrid derivative lines had significantly lower mean infection scores (p = 0.01), the best showing 10.93% infection, whereas the parental durum cultivars had 70.34% to 89.46% infection. Hybridization with wild relatives may offer an excellent means of introducing scab resistance into durum wheat.
__label__0, The distribution of galanin-like immunoreactive structures was studied in the brain of the Senegalese sole, Solea senegalensis, using immunohistochemical methods. Periventricular immunoreactive cell bodies were observed in the rostral pole of the preoptic recess, within the pars parvocellularis of the nucleus preopticus parvocellularis. Another galanin-immunoreactive cell population was observed more caudal in the ventromedial hypothalamus, along the medial evaginations of the lateral recess. These cells appear within the cytoarchitectonic limits of the nucleus recessus lateralis pars ventralis. We found an extensive presence of galanin-immunoreactive fibres throughout the entire brain, although the most massive network of fibres was observed in the caudal olfactory bulbs, ventral telencephalon, preoptic area and around diencephalic ventricular recesses. Also, the hypophysis, ventricular mesencephalic area, median reticular formation and viscerosensory rhombencephalon displayed important plexuses of galanin-immunoreactive axons.The widespread distribution of these immunoreactive structures in the brain and pituitary of the Senegalese sole suggests an important role for galanin in neuroendocrine regulation of brain and adenohypophyseal functions.
__label__0, Faba bean (Vicia faba L.) improvement programs in the Mediterranean area aim to select genotypes showing high and stable yields. Water stress is a main factor limiting faba bean yields and, as for other crops, new parameters of selection (morphological, physiological and biochemical) are being tested to identify genotypes tolerant to water stress. This study reports the response of eight faba bean improved populations and two cultivars to water stress. All genotypes were grown in large containers protected from rainfall by a transparent plastic covering and subjected to simulated water stress. In non-stress and stress conditions, water status was recorded by means of leaf water potential (LWP) and stomatal resistance (Rs) measurements. Furthermore, genotypes were evaluated for the main bio-agronomic traits, abscisic acid content, and an index of genotype susceptibility to water stress was calculated. Finally, in order to obtain useful information on selection criteria to use in breeding programs for tolerance to water stress, a correlation analysis among traits was performed. The results showed LWP and Rs measurements were useful in describing the simulated water stress, but were not very suitable for discriminating genotypes with tolerance to water stress. The use of the genotype susceptibility index was effective in estimating different genotypic responses to water stress, while the abscisic acid (ABA) determinations did not provide any useful information about the efficacious utilization of this parameter in programs of breeding for tolerance to water stress.
__label__0, The corrosion of 90/10 Cu–Ni alloy in deaerated 0.5 mol L−1 H2SO4 containing Fe(III) ions as oxidant and benzotriazole as inhibitor was studied using a rotating cylinder electrode (RCE). Nonselective dissolution was observed in all experimental conditions investigated. In the absence of Fe(III) ions, the anodic process is diffusion controlled while cathodic process is charge transfer controlled. In contrast, with Fe(III) ions as oxidant, the cathodic process is controlled by diffusion and the anodic process is under charge transfer control. These conclusions were obtained from measurements of open circuit potential as a function of the RCE rotation rate as previously verified for the RDE. Inhibition efficiency evaluated from weight loss and calculated from polarization curves showed good agreement.
__label__0, Tomato spotted wilt virus (TSWV) resistance wasidentified in Y118 (Fla 925-2), an F1BC1S6 tomato line(Lycopersicon esculentum Mill.), derived from a crosswith L. chilense Dun. (LA 1938). This line waspreviously selected for tomato mottle virus (ToMoV)resistance in Florida. Progeny from crosses betweenFla 925-2 and three different TSWV susceptible L.esculentum parents were used in TSWV resistancestudies. A total of 75 F1 and 596 F2 plants from allthree crosses were screened for TSWV resistance. ForF2 plants free of TSWV symptoms, evaluations were madeusing enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). TenF3 populations used for further greenhouse and fieldscreenings were selected from F2 plants found to befree of the virus using visual and ELISA criteria ateach evaluation. One F1 and four F3 lines werestudied under field conditions (Stellenbosch, SouthAfrica) in which 100% of the `Flora-Dade' susceptiblecontrols were severely infected with TSWV. Theresults of the field study clearly establish that TSWVfield resistance is present in the Fla 925-2 (Y118)derived lines. Studies conducted on these linesrevealed that this resistance has the distinctcharacteristic of often `recovering' from initiallyhigh levels of virus titer in the tissue to levelsbelow detection with ELISA.
__label__0, Conducting polypyrrole electrodes obtained under galvanostatic electropolymerization on iron from aqueous solutions of pyrrole and oxalic acid were modified with copper particles using the electrochemical cementation process. The electrochemical response of these modified electrodes was compared to that of the ‘unmodified’ polymer electrode and also to that of bare metallic copper. The modified polypyrrole electrode showed noticeable enhancement for the rate of proton reduction.
__label__0, Carbonic anhydrase II (CA II) is present in human oesophageal epithelial cells and probably involved in protecting the mucosa against acidic gastric refluxate. If this is the case, then it is likely that the enzyme will be more concentrated at or near the gastro-oesophageal junction. To answer this question, and determine whether CA II is present and similarly distributed in other species, we also examined the oesophageal epithelium of the rat and pig. In the rat, CA II was largely absent from the oesophageal epithelium, but present in the stratified squamous epithelium of the gastric forestomach as an approximately 2 mm-long collar around the entrance to the corpus, a site that roughly corresponds to the gastro-oesophageal junction in other animals. The enzyme was present mainly in basal and prickle cells. In upper and middle pig oesophagus, CA II was largely confined to basal cells and isolated groups of stratified superficial prickle cells. CA II-containing epithelial cells were highly concentrated in the thickened epithelium at the gastro-oesophageal junction (about four-times thicker than upper or middle). Reactive cells were present throughout the depth of the epithelium, but noticeably more concentrated in the basal and superficial prickle cell layers. CA II was also prominent in the most superficial cell layers in islands of the oesophageal mucosa within the gastric cardia. In man, CA II was confined largely to the basal half of the epithelium in the upper and middle regions of oesophagus. The distribution of CA II at the gastro-oesophageal junction took different forms. In general, there were more CA II-reactive cells at or closer to the lumen. The superficial prickle cell layers tended to exhibit more CA II than the deeper layers, with basal and epibasal cells containing little or no enzyme. In other regions of the same specimens, CA II-containing cells were present from the basal to the most luminal layers. If CA II in oesophageal epithelial cells in the region of the gastro-oesophageal junction (or in the case of the rat the forestomach/corpus junction) is important in the defence against refluxate, then it is in a vulnerable site, since bile salts are potent inhibitors of the enzyme. The action of bile salts on CA II may be an important factor in the initiation of oesophageal disease.
__label__0, There are a number of cases where the moments of a distribution are easily obtained, but theoretical distributions are not available in closed form. This paper shows how to use moment methods to approximate a theoretical univariate distribution with mixtures of known distributions. The methods are illustrated with gamma mixtures. It is shown that for a certain class of mixture distributions, which include the normal and gamma mixture families, one can solve for a p-point mixing distribution such that the corresponding mixture has exactly the same first 2p moments as the targeted univariate distribution. The gamma mixture approximation to the distribution of a positive weighted sums of independent central χ2 variables is demonstrated and compared with a number of existing approximations. The numerical results show that the new approximation is generally superior to these alternatives.
__label__0, A mixture model is constructed for dense chemically reacting gases and dense chemically active nonideal composite plasma. Investigations are performed of the contribution made by the interactions of free heavy particles (charged and neutral) into the thermodynamic functions of gases and plasma in different regions of the phase diagram, where bound states may arise. The excluded phase volume, accessible for classical motion of free atoms, is included by introducing the Hill pseudopotential. A wide-range calculation is performed of the thermodynamic parameters of various substances and mixtures, and a comparison is made with the experimental data and the theoretical results of other researchers.
__label__0, The phase composition of the heat-treatment products in the ZrO(OH)2–Y(OH)3–FeOOH system is determined as a function of the precipitation procedure and calcination temperature (620–1570 K) for the compositions 0.97ZrO2· xY2O3· yFe2O3(x+ y= 0.03; x= 0, 0.01, 0.015, 0.02, 0.03) and (1 – x– y)ZrO2· xY2O3· yFe2O3(x= y= 0.02, 0.025, 0.03, 0.04). At a given ZrO2: stabilizer ratio, partial substitution of Fe3+for Y3+increases the degree of ZrO2stabilization and retards the low-temperature degradation of the material.
__label__0, Landau levels have represented a very rich field of research, which has gained widespread attention after their application to the quantum Hall effect. In a particular gauge, the holomorphic gauge, they give a physical implementation of Bargmann's Hilbert space of entire functions. They have also been recognized as a natural bridge between Feynman's path integral and geometric quantization. We discuss here some mathematical subtleties involved in the formulation of the problem when one tries to study quantum mechanics on a finite strip of sides L1, L2 with a uniform magnetic field and periodic boundary conditions. There is an apparent paradox here: infinitesimal translations should be associated to canonical operators [þx, þy] ∝ iħB, and, at the same time, live in a Landau level of finite dimension BL1L2/(hc/e), which is impossible from Wintner's theorem. The paper shows the way out of this conundrum.
__label__0, Structural evidence is presented that LiGaO2crystals (sp. gr. Pna21 , point gr. mm2) may have different polarities. X-ray structural analysis of nominally undoped and doped (Cr or V) LiGaO2crystals grown by the Czochralski technique shows that LiGaO2and LiGaO2〈Cr〉 crystals differ in polarity from LiGaO2〈V〉. Defect LiGaO2can be thought of as a twin constituted by individuals of different polarities. Polarimetry data indicate that both LiGaO2and LiGaO2〈V〉 are optically active.
__label__0, Measurements of the temperature of attainable superheating of A-76L and AI-93 motor gasolines; L-0.5–40, L-0.2–40, and Z-0.5–35 diesel oils; TS-1 and RT jet propellants; and T-1500 transformer oil are performed by the method of pulsed heating of a wire probe placed into the liquid under study. The rate of increase of the probe temperature is 105–107 K/s. The pressure varies from atmospheric to near-critical. The temperature of attainable superheating of rocket propellants is also calculated by the theory of homogeneous nucleation. A conclusion is made that, if the thermal properties of a concrete batch of petroleum products are known, the theory of homogeneous nucleation provides a fairly accurate estimate of the temperature of attainable superheating of substances with so complex a composition.
__label__0, The paper deals with a self-consistent computational electrodynamic and thermogasdynamic model of the working chamber of a gas-discharge laser with a segmented cathode. The computational model is based on a set of Navier–Stokes equations, with the effective turbulent viscosity described within the k–ε model of turbulence, energy equation for partly ionized gas, equations of motion of charged particles (electrons and ions) in a diffusion-drift approximation, and continuity equation for electric current. The model is used to investigate the processes in the gas-discharge chamber of a laser with a segmented cathode and continuous anode. The calculations are performed for the real parameters of technological CO2 lasers.
__label__0, The sums over states of the atoms and singly and doubly charged ions of rare-earth elements that are required for a theoretical study of thermochemical processes in high-temperature plasma spectral sources are calculated in the temperature range 2500–12,000 K.
__label__0, A gauged nonlinear sigma model in one space, one time dimension is considered in the usual instant form of dynamics on the hyperplanes x0 = const. The theory is seen to possess a local vector gauge symmetry. The Hamiltonian and BRST formulations of this theory are investigated with specific gauge choices.
__label__0, To study the formation of a new dispersed phase in polymer layers, the absorption of radiation-generated silver aggregates in cellophane films was examined. Stable silver nanoparticles were prepared by the radiation-chemical reduction of silver ions in a solution of inverted micelles of the composition AgNO3(AgClO4)/H2O/AOT/octane. On irradiation of cellophane films immersed in a micellar solution, the formed silver aggregates Agm+ nbecame incorporated into the films. The modified films exhibited a stable yellow color. The intensity of an optical absorption band of the films with λmax∼ 420–440 nm increased proportionally to the radiation dose absorbed by an aqueous micellar solution. The light sensitivity of these films was examined. A 35-min exposure of the films at λ = 365 nm resulted in an increase in the intensity of the main absorption band by 17% and in a bathochromic shift of the maximum. The electrical characteristics of modified films were determined depending on the radiation dose. It was found that the incorporation of nanostructured silver clusters exhibiting the characteristic optical absorption band with λmax∼ 420–440 nm increased the conductivity of cellophane films by two to three orders of magnitude.
__label__0, The human oviduct epithelium primarily consists of ciliated cells and secretory cells. Solitary cilia usually extend from the apical surface of the secretory cells. We investigated the localization of γ-tubulin in the ciliary basal apparatus of both cell types by fluorescence immunohistochemistry and immunoelectron microscopy. In addition to basal bodies, γ-tubulin was identified in the lateral basal foot, especially the basal foot cap. This observation is consistent with previous observations that microtubules radiate from the basal foot and the basal foot serves as the microtubule organizing centre.
__label__0, Semiclassical theory based upon complexified classical mechanics is developed for periodically time-dependent scattering systems, which are minimal models of multi-dimensional systems. Semiclassical expression of the wave-matrix is derived, which is represented as the sum of the contributions from classical trajectories, where all the dynamical variables as well as the time are extended to the complex-domain. The semiclassical expression is examined by a periodically perturbed 1D barrier system and an excellent agreement with the fully quantum result is confirmed. In a stronger perturbation regime, the tunneling component of the wave-matrix exhibits a remarkable interference fringes, which is clarified by the semiclassical theory as an interference among multiple complex tunneling trajectories. It turns out that such a peculiar behavior is the manifestation of an intrinsic multi-dimensional effect closely related to a singular movement of singularities possessed by the complex classical trajectories.
__label__0, The transient behavior of photoconductivity in single crystals of Ge–Si solid solutions was studied. The parameters of sticking and recombination centers were determined. The results suggest that impurity agglomerates and silicon precipitates act as recombination and sticking centers, respectively.
__label__0, A method is suggested for the calculation of the temperature of large semitransparent particles of a material of low thermal conductivity during their motion in a gas jet. The temperature profile in a particle is calculated with due regard for thermal conductivity and thermal radiation. The results of calculations performed for typical parameters of a plasma jet demonstrate that the temperature at the center of an oxide particle 40–60 μm in diameter in the zone of heating may be 1500–2500 K lower than the temperature at the particle surface. Here, the error of prediction of the volume-average particle temperature in isothermal approximation reaches 350 K. The possibility of determining the volume-average temperature of particles by their thermal radiation is studied as applied to the problem of optical diagnostics of two-phase jets. It is demonstrated that the color temperature being measured may differ from the volume-average particle temperature by as much as 300 K. The possibility is discussed of experimentally determining the temperature dependence of the index of absorption, which would enable one to considerably increase the accuracy of the obtained values of the volume-average particle temperature.
__label__0, For centuries spiders and cobwebs have formed programmatic iconographic images which often change their meaning in the course of literary epochs and thus help to uncover the aspects of epoch changes. Even though the spider belongs to the rarer animal symbols in German litrature, the rare incidence of this image between the Middle Ages and modernism gains in significance when the origin and development of motifs have to be unravelled. the semantic level of the spider/cobweb-motif ranges through the whole gamut of meanings from the deadly monster to the symbol of tender love. In addition, a structural shift within the image can be noticed: the focusing on the cobweb gives way to the concentration on the builder of the network. In modernism the spider/cobweb-motif seems to vanish altogether.
__label__0, Although it has been recognized that the adsorption of organics to clay and silt particles is an important determinant of the stability of organic matter in soils, no attempts have been made to quantify the amounts of C and N that can be preserved in this way in different soils. Our hypothesis is that the amounts of C and N that can be associated with clay and silt particles is limited. This study quantifies the relationships between soil texture and the maximum amounts of C and N that can be preserved in the soil by their association with clay and silt particles. To estimate the maximum amounts of C and N that can be associated with clay and silt particles we compared the amounts of clay- and silt-associated C and N in Dutch grassland soils with corresponding Dutch arable soils. Secondly, we compared the amounts of clay- and silt-associated C and N in the Dutch soils with clay and silt-associated C and N in uncultivated soils of temperate and tropical regions.We observed that although the Dutch arable soils contained less C and N than the corresponding grassland soils, the amounts of C and N associated with clay and silt particles was the same indicating that the amounts of C and N that can become associated with this fraction had reached a maximum. We also observed close positive relationships between the proportion of primary particles < 20 μm in a soil and the amounts of C and N that were associated with this fraction in the top 10 cm of soils from both temperate and tropical regions. The observed relationships were assumed to estimate the capacity of a soil to preserve C and N by their association with clay and silt particles. The observed relationships did not seem to be affected by the dominant type of clay mineral. The only exception were Australian soils, which had on average more than two times lower amounts of C and N associated with clay and silt particles than other soils. This was probably due to the combination of low precipitation and high temperature leading to low inputs of organic C and N.The amount of C and N in the fraction > 20 μm was not correlated with soil texture. Cultivation decreased the amount of C and N in the fraction > 20 μm to a greater extent than in the fraction < 20 μm, indicating that C and N associated with the fraction < 20 μm is better protected against decomposition.The finding of a given soil having a maximum capacity to preserve organic C and N will improve our estimations of the amounts of C and N that can become stabilized in soils. It has important consequences for the contribution of different soils to serve as a sink or source for C and N in the long term.
__label__0, Avena sativa (oats) and Lycopersiconesculentum (tomatoes) were grown in dilute nutrientsolutions supplemented with Al only, F only or acombination of both. In solutions containing Al andF, shoot growth was limited when predicted Alr(Al3+, AlOH2+ and Al(OH)\(_2^ + \))activities were < 0.1 μM, activities three orders ofmagnitude lower than the critical value determinedwith Al only. The data suggest that at the activitiesused in these experiments, Alr is most toxic,AlF2+ and AlF\(_2^ + \) are toxic to a lesserextent, and AlF3, AlF\(_4^ - \) and F-are least toxic. Fluoride concentrations in shootsgrown in solutions correlated best with positivelycharged AlF\(_x^{3 - x} \) species (i.e.AlF2+, AlF\(_2^ + \)) and the molar ratio ofF:Al in most plants shoots was about 3:2. However,when activities of positively chargedAlF\(_x^{3 - x} \) species were low (< 50 μM)and theactivity of AlF3 species high (500 μM) the molarratio of F:Al in plant shoots suggested AlF3 wastaken up. These findings are discussed in relation toplant uptake and toxicity. Measured concentrations of Alr and F- insolutions containing Al and F were compared withconcentrations predicted by a computer model(GEOCHEM-PC). The method for measuring F-concentrations, using a non-complexing buffer and Fion-selective electrode, gave good agreement withpredicted F- concentrations. The8-hydroxyquinoline method for measuring Alrconcentrations did not agree with predictedconcentrations, highlighting the limitations of thismethod when measuring Alr in the presence of F ina multi-ligand system with high concentrations of Fand Al.
__label__0, ‘Red Lady’ papaya (Carica papaya L.) seedlings were grown for 7 weeks in one experiment and 17 weeks in a second experiment on a 60% to 70% sloped hillside. Depth and lateral root developmental characteristics were determined to establish a more informed basis for developing management procedures during hillside production of papaya. A trench was dug perpendicular to the contour line, and positioned 10 cm from the stem base of each plant. A 1 cm layer of soil was removed from the profile wall, and the roots on the trench profile were mapped. Thereafter, the intact half of each root system was excavated to determine the dry mass and length distribution. Roots were separated into the taproot system, and the lateral roots of the uphill and downhill sides. The downhill portion of lateral roots accounted for 56% of total length and 64% of total mass after 7 weeks, and 71% of total length and 69% of total mass after 17 weeks. Some lateral roots on the uphill side of the plants developed with a negative gravitropic orientation to maintain a portion of the root system, close to the surface of the slope. After 17 weeks, 34% of the roots on the uphill side of the trench profile walls were located above a horizontal plane positioned at the stem base. Root growth of ‘Red Lady’ papaya plants growing on hillsides was maintained in all directions, including up the slope. The results signify that there may be no need to modify fertilizer placement practices for hillside production of papaya. However, the higher concentration of roots on the downhill side of these plants indicates a need for placement of soil moisture sensors for irrigation scheduling in uphill and downhill sites.
__label__0, In this paper I present a formal language in which complex predicates stand for properties and relations, and assignments of denotations to complex predicates and assignments of extensions to the properties and relations they denote are both homomorphisms. This system affords a fresh perspective on several important philosophical topics, highlighting the algebraic features of properties and clarifying the sense in which properties can be represented by their extensions. It also suggests a natural modification of current logics of properties, one in which some complex predicates stand for properties while others do not.
__label__0, “Given Time and the Gift of Life” explores the following nexus in Derrida's thought: the gift, the mother, and life. The first section examines life within the trajectory of the gift, the excess of gift over return in the gift of life, and the rewriting of Aristotelian generation in “differantial species-being.” The second section shows the “quasi-transcendental” nature of Derrida's thought. The conclusion sketches some of the political consequences of the gift of life thought as the quasi-transcendental gift of differantial species-being.
__label__0, Thlaspi caerulescens (J. and C. Presl) and Thlaspi ochroleucum (Boiss. ex Heldr) were grown in three different soils containing moderate to high amounts of heavy metals in a pot experiment, using a rhizobag technique. T. caerulescens accumulated significantly more Zn in the shoots than T. ochroleucum. The concentrations of Zn in the shoots of T. caerulescens ranged from 3100 to 8100 mg kg-1 dry matter (DM), but only from 800 to 1600 mg kg-1 DM in T. ochroleucum. Total uptake of Zn in the shoots of T. caerulescens was about 5 times that of T. ochroleucum. In contrast, the differences between the two species in the uptake of Cd, Cr, Cu, Ni and Pb were generally small. Concentrations of mobile Zn (extractable with 1M NH4NO3) in the rhizosphere and non-rhizosphere soils decreased considerably after growth of both plants, but the decreases were greater with T. caerulescens than with T. ochroleucum. The decreases in the mobile fraction accounted for less than 10% of the total Zn uptake by T. caerulescens indicating that this species was effective in mobilising Zn from less soluble fractions in the soils. The rhizosphere soils tended to have higher concentrations of mobile Zn than the non-rhizosphere soils, probably because of the lower pH in the rhizosphere. The pH in the rhizosphere soils was 0.2-0.4 units lower than that in the non-rhizosphere soils at the end of the experiment. However, there were no significant differences between the two species in the degree of rhizosphere acidification. The results suggest that T. caerulescens has potential for removing Zn from moderately to highly contaminated soils, but that this ability was not related to the pH changes in the rhizosphere.
__label__0, A mathematical model of a fluctuating Burke-Schumann spray-diffusion flame is presented. A sectional approach is utilized to describe the spray of droplets. An analytic solution is presented for a periodically alternating supply of liquid/vapor fuel. Calculated data highlight the dynamics of the flame envelope under the fluctuating supply condition, as well as its sensitivity to liquid-fuel volatility and droplet size (expressed through a nondimensional Damkohler number for evaporation). The predicted flame shape dynamics is rather similar, qualitatively, to some experimental evidence in which flame growth and collapse are observed.
__label__0, The goal of this study was to determine if Al-chelators other than malate are released from root apices and are involved in Al-tolerance in different wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) genotypes. Also we wanted to establish if root exudates contribute to increases in rhizosphere pH around the root tip. In seedlings of Al-tolerant Atlas, we have documented a constitutive phosphate exudation from the root apex. Because phosphate can complex Al and bind protons, it could play an important role in Al tolerance, both via complexation of Al3+ and by contributing to the alkalinization of rhizosphere pH observed at the apex of Atlas. This study suggests that in wheat, Al-tolerance can be mediated by multiple exclusion mechanisms controlled by different genes.
__label__0, Wheat plants differing in zinc efficiency (Excalibur; Zn-efficient, Gatcher and Durati; Zn-inefficient) were grown in HEDTA chelate-buffered nutrient solution in controlled conditions and supplied with 0 or 40 μg chlorsulfuron L-1 . Zinc uptake rates of 12-d-old plants were measured over 80 or 90 minutes using65 Zn added to nutrient solutions. Increasing the zinc concentration of the solution increased the rate of zinc uptake, while the percentage of zinc transported to shoots was decreased. Addition of chlorsulfuron to uptake solutions for 90 minutes did not influence rate of zinc uptake or transport of zinc to shoots. Pretreating plants with chlorsulfuron for 5 days decreased zinc uptake rates, but transport to shoots was proportionally increased. Three-day pretreatment with chlorsulfuron was the minimum required for significant differences in uptake and transport of zinc to occur. Plants exposed to chlorsulfuron for 3 days required a further 5 days of growth in chlorsulfuron-free solutions before uptake rates recovered to control plant rates. It is concluded that chlorsulfuron deleteriously but reversibly affects uptake of zinc across the plasma membrane after prolonged exposure.
__label__0, The essentiality of B for growth and development of plants is well-known, but the primary functions of B still remain unknown. Evidence in the literature supports the idea that the major functions of B in growth and development of plants are based on its ability to form complexes with the compounds having cis-diol configurations. In this regard, the formation of B complexes with the constituents of cell walls and plasma membranes as well as with the phenolic compounds seems to be a decisive step affecting the physiological functions of B. Boron seems to be of crucial importance for the maintenance of structural integrity of plasma membranes. This function of B is mainly related to stabilisation of cell membranes by B association with membrane constituents. Possibly, B may also protect plasma membranes against peroxidative damage by toxic O2 species. In B-deficient plants, plasma membranes are highly leaky and lose their functional integrity. Under B-deficient conditions, substantial changes in ion fluxes and proton pumping activity of the plasma membranes were noted. Impairments in phenol metabolism and increases in levels of phenolics and polyphenoloxidase activity are typical indications of B deficiency, particularly in B deficiency-sensitive plant species, such as Helianthus annuus (sunflower). Enhanced oxidation of phenols is responsible for generation of reactive quinones which subsequently produce extremely toxic O2 species, thus resulting in the increased risk of a peroxidative damage to vital cell components such as membrane lipids and proteins. In B-deficient tissues, enhancement in levels of toxic O2 species may also occur as a result of impairments in photosynthesis and antioxidative defence systems. Recent evidence shows that the levels of ascorbic acid, non-protein SH-compounds (mainly glutathione) and glutathione reductase, the major defence systems of cells against toxic O2 species, are reduced in response to B deficiency. There is also increasing evidence that, in the heterocyst cells of cyanobacteria, B is involved in protection of nitrogenase activity against O2 damage.
__label__0, Acid related stress in soils might be caused by high concentrations of H+ and Al3+ in soil solution. Sampling of soil solution so far integrates over a relatively large soil volume, in the range of dm3. In order to study the microscale heterogeneity of acidity related stress-parameters the soil profile of a podzolic cambisol was covered by a 10×6 matrix of micro suction cups with a grid distance of 2 cm. The soil solution collected at 10 sampling events was analyzed for free cations and anions by capillary electrophoresis and for total metal content by a micro injection technique on ICP-OES. pH and UV absorption were also measured.There was a general trend of increasing pH and decreasing UV absorption with increasing soil depth, however without a clear correlation of concentration isolines to soil horizon borders. The latter was also true for total Al (Altot) and Al3+, with the exception of the soil horizon border Ahe/Bh,which was very well reflected by Al3+ and also by the fraction of bound Al. In the Ahe horizon less than 30%, in deeper mineral soil less than 50% of Altot were present as free Al3+. This fact is critical when calculating Ca/Al ratios as a stress parameter, because total metal content measured by ICP clearly overestimates the risk of root damage, even in deeper horizons of acid forest soils, where organic complexation of Al is of minor importance. The heterogeneity of soil solution chemistry and toxicity parameters on the cm-scale was found to be significant, for example with gradients of more than 0,5 pH-units within 2 cm. Because plant roots also experience soil on a microscale, high resolution investigations of soil solution chemistry offer a new approach for looking at the chemical environment relevant for root growth and plant nutrition.
__label__0, The "letters written by obscure men" are neither parodies on the corrupt Latin of monks only, nor satires on life in the monasteries of their times, even if they were and are still read in this way. Rather as differences between the tradition of medieval schoolmen and the studia humanitatis, they represent an early form of the "querelle". As a result of studies on the "Epistolae obscurorum virorum" and their reception as well, the cause of their coming into existence, namely the dispute about the Jewish books, has been forgotten. This dispute did not only involve books, but also human beings, who are reminded of it in this essay.
__label__0, One hypothesis for a benefit of integrating trees with crops is that trees with deep root systems can capture and “pump up” nutrients from below the rooting zone of annual crops. Few studies have compared both root and nutrient distribution for planted trees, crops and grassland vegetation. A field study was conducted on a Kandiudalfic Eutrudox in the highlands of western Kenya to measure rooting characteristics and distribution of inorganic N and water in three land-use systems (LUS): (i) Sesbania sesban (L.) Merr. fallow, (ii) uncultivated natural weed fallow and (iii) unfertilized maize (Zea mays L.) monoculture. The maximum rooting depth was 1.2 m in the maize LUS, 2.25 m in a 13-month-old natural fallow, and > 4 m in a 15-month-old sesbania fallow. Total root length was 1.26 km m-2 for the maize LUS, 5.98 km m-2 for the natural fallow, and 4.56 km m-2 to 4 m for the sesbania fallow. Root length to 1.2 m was greater (p < 0.01) for natural fallow than for maize and sesbania fallow. A considerable portion of the sesbania root length to 4 m was in the subsoil; 47% was at 1.2 to 4 m and 31% was at 2.25 to 4 m. Deep rooting of sesbania coincided with lower soil water below 2 m in the sesbania fallow than the natural fallow. Nitrate-N, but not ammonium-N, to 4 m was affected by LUS. Total nitrate to 4 m was 199 kg N ha-1 for the maize LUS, 42 kg N ha-1 for the natural fallow and 51 kg N ha-1 for the sesbania fallow. Soil nitrate in the maize LUS was highest at 0.3 to 1.5-m depth on this Oxisol with anion sorption capacity. No such accumulation of subsoil nitrate was present under sesbania and natural fallow.
__label__0, The uptake of 15N-labelled alanine, ammonium and nitrate was studied in ectomycorrhizal morphotypes of intact Pinus sylvestris seedlings. PCR-RFLP analysis of the ITS-region of fungal rDNA was used to identify the morphotypes. Seedlings were grown in forest soil collected at an experimental site in southern Sweden. The treatments compared were a control, N fertilisation (600 kg N ha-1 as urea), sulfur application (1200 kg S ha-1) and lime application (6000 kg CaCO3 ha-1). The forest, which had been dominated by Picea abies, was clear-cut two years before the forest soil was sampled. Soil was also collected from an adjacent standing forest. The aim of the present study was to detect changes in the ectomycorrhizal communities in forest soils and relate these changes to the functional parameter of uptake of nitrogen from organic (alanine and protein) and inorganic (ammonium and nitrate) sources.Liming resulted in the detection of a morphotype not found in other samples, and one morphotype was only found in samples from the standing forest (the fungi in these two morphotypes could not be identified). All mycorrhizal root tips showed a higher 15N concentration after exposure to different nitrogen forms than non-mycorrhizal long roots. Uptake of15 N from a labelled solution of alanine or ammonium was higher (about tenfold) than uptake from a 15N-labelled solution of nitrate. Uptake of ammonium and alanine varied between 0.2 and 0.5 mg N g-1 h-1 and between 0.1 and 0.33 mg N g-1 h-1, respectively, among the different morphotypes.In seedlings grown in the control soil and in soil from standing forest, alanine and ammonium were taken up to a similar degree from a supply solution by all morphotypes, whereas ammonium uptake was higher than alanine uptake in seedlings grown in lime-treated soil (about twofold) and, to a lesser extent, in the nitrogen- and sulfur-treated soils. The higher ammonium uptake by morphotypes from the limed soil was confirmed in pure culture studies. In cases where ammonium was used as the N source, an isolate of the S. variegatus morphotype collected in the limed soil produced more biomass compared with isolates of S. variegatus collected in nitrogen- or sulphur-treated soil. One isolate of a silvery white morphotype produced about equal amounts of biomass on alanine and ammonium, whereas all S. variegatus isolated performed better with ammonium as their N source. Based on the results it is hypothesised that liming can induce a shift in the ectomycorrhizal community, favouring individuals that mainly utilise inorganic nitrogen over those that primarily utilise organic nitrogen.
__label__0, Recently, evidence has been obtained that naturally occurring rhizobia, isolated from the nodules of non-legume Parasponia species and from some tropical legumes, are able to enter the roots of rice, wheat and maize at emerging lateral roots by crack entry. We have now investigated whether Azorhizobium caulinodans strain ORS571, which induces root and stem nodules on the tropical legume Sesbania rostrata as a result of crack entry invasion of emerging lateral roots, might also enter rice and wheat by a similar route. Following inoculation with ORS571 carrying a lacZ reporter gene, azorhizobia were observed microscopically within the cracks associated with emerging lateral roots of rice and wheat. A high proportion of inoculated rice and wheat plants had colonized lateral root cracks. The flavanone naringenin at 10 and 10 M stimulated significantly the colonization of lateral root cracks and also intercellular colonization of wheat roots. Naringenin does not appear to be acting as a carbon source and may act as a signal molecule for intercellular colonization of rice and wheat by ORS571 by a mechanism which is nod gene-independent, unlike nodule formation in Sesbania rostrata. The opportunity now arises to compare and to contrast the ability of Azorhizobium caulinodans with that of other rhizobia, such as Parasponia rhizobia, to intercellularly colonize the roots of non-legume crops.
__label__0, Communication is a complex affair, yet the difficulties and inaccuracies intrinsic to the communicative process are not faithfully represented by terms such as "speaker", "writer", "listener" or "reader" which are readily associated with the notional condition of being apt rather than the inherent quality of being inept. Ease in communication cannot be taken for granted. Indeed, given the numerous possible restraints upon it – be they psychological, social, political or ultimately linguistic –, communication is fundamentally an achievement and always a compromise. Whether it be due to the constraints of (self-)censorhip or to the fact that the speaking or writing subject can never say what they actually mean to say, fluency is always much more (or less) than what it seems to be at the moment of utterance and hearing or as the written word is read. Fluency, in this sense, is at best disfluency managed, contained or concealed. The aim of this essay is to approach reading and, in particular, a reading of Lorca's poetry from the stammerer's perspective and frame of reference in the belief that everyone, including the poet, is in some way or other orally and literately challenged. It is hoped that the poet's own "stammer" – or at least his strategies for managing or addressing it – may be intuited, if not seen and heard, and that consequently new meanings will emerge from beneath the text's fluent veneer.
__label__0, The influence of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on drought tolerance and recovery was studied in safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.) and wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). Plants were grown with and without the mycorrhizal fungus, Glomus etunicatum Becker & Gerd., in nutrient-amended soil under environmentally-controlled conditions to yield mycorrhizal and nonmycorrhizal with similar leaf areas, root length densities, dry weights, and adequate tissue phosphorus. When drought stress was induced, mycorrhizal infection did not affect changes in leaf water, osmotic or pressure potentials, or osmotic potentials of leaf tissue rehydrated to full turgor in either safflower or wheat. Furthermore, in safflower, infection had little effect on drought tolerance as indicated by the level of leaf necrosis. Mycorrhizal wheat plants, however, had less necrotic leaf tissue than uninfected plants at moderate levels of drought stress (but not at severe levels) probably due to enhanced phosphorus nutrition. To determine the effects of infection on drought recovery, plants were rewatered at a range of soil water potentials from –1 to –4 MPa. We found that although safflower tended to recover more slowly from drought after rewatering than wheat, mycorrhizal infection did not directly affect drought recovery in either plant species. Daily water use after rewatering was reduced and was correlated to the extent that leaves were damaged by drought stress in both plant species, but was not directly influenced by the mycorrhizal status of the plants.
__label__0, In many logics dealing with information one needs to make statements not only about cognitive states, but also about transitions between them. In this paper we analyze a dynamic modal logic that has been designed with this purpose in mind. On top of an abstract information ordering on states it has instructions to move forward or backward along this ordering, to states where a certain assertion holds or fails, while it also allows combinations of such instructions by means of operations from relation algebra. In addition, the logic has devices for expressing whether in a given state a certain instruction can be carried out, and whether that state can be arrived at by carrying out a certain instruction.This paper deals mainly with technical aspects of our dynamic modal logic. It gives an exact description of the expressive power of this language; it also contains results on decidability for the language with ‘arbitrary’ structures and for the special case with a restricted class of admissible structures. In addition, a complete axiomatization is given. The paper concludes with a remark about the modal algebras appropriate for our dynamic modal logic, and some questions for further work.The paper only contains some sketchy examples showing how the logic can be used to capture situations of dynamic interest, far more detailed applications are given in a companion to this paper (De Rijke [33]).
__label__0, The 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) degrading bacterium, Burkholderia cepacia (formerly Pseudomonas cepacia) DBO1(pRO101) was coated on non-sterile barley (Hordeum vulgare) seeds, which were planted in two non-sterile soils amended with varying amounts of 2,4-D herbicide. In the presence of 10 or 100 mg 2,4-D per kg soil B. cepacia DBO1(pRO101) readily colonized the root at densities up to 107 CFU per cm root. In soil without 2,4-D the bacterium showed weak root colonization. The seeds coated with B. cepacia DBO1(pRO101) were able to germinate and grow in soils containing 10 or 100 mg kg−1 2,4-D, while non-coated seeds either did not germinate or quickly withered after germination. The results suggest that colonization of the plant roots by the herbicide-degrading B. cepacia DBO1(pRO101) can protect the plant by degradation of the herbicide in the rhizosphere soil. The study shows that the ability to degrade certain pesticides should be considered, when searching for potential plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria. The role of root colonization by xenobiotic degrading bacteria is further discussed in relation to bioremediation of contaminated soils.
__label__0, The effect of Ni supply on growth and N metabolism of zucchini plants grown with either NH4NO3 or urea as sole N source was investigated. Dry matter production of plants grown with NH4NO3 was not affected by the Ni status, while urea-based nutrition led to reduced growth, particularly when plants were grown without Ni supplementation. The activity of urease, which requires Ni for activation, was hardly detectable in leaves and roots of plants grown without supplementary Ni irrespective of N source. Low-Ni urea-grown plants were chlorotic, accumulated large amounts of urea and had lower amino acid contents indicating impaired usage of the N supplied. The lack of urease activation made these plants metabolically N deficient. The amino acid pools of plants grown with NH4NO3 was not markedly affected by the Ni supply, although these plants accumulated endogenous urea in their leaves when grown without supplementary Ni. In urea-grown plants the glutamine content was considerably increased by Ni supply, indicating that the efficient use of urea N is Ni (urease) dependant. Based on growth and urease activity, a critical Ni concentration in the leaves of around 100 µg kg-1 can be deduced. These results confirm the necessity of Ni for urease activation and thus for growth of plants on urea-based media, as well as for recycling endogenous urea.
__label__0, Submerged arc weldments of the two nitrogen-alloyed stainless steels X2 CrNiN 18 10 (similar to AISI 304 LN) and X4 CrNiMoN 18 14 (similar to AISI 316 LN) welded with the fully austenitic filler metal X2 CrNiMnMoN 20 16 were investigated. Tensile, impact toughness and single-specimen J-integral tests at room temperature, 77 K and 4 K were performed. The strength of the materials increased whereas the impact toughness and the fracture toughness decreased with decreasing temperature. The toughness of the steel X4 CrNiMoN 18 14 was superior to that of X2 CrNiN 18 10, and for the austenitic weld a good combination of strength and toughness was also found. On the fracture surface of the compact tension specimens, a stretch zone was found, the width of which was reduced with decreasing test temperature. For all three materials at all three temperatures the critical values, JIc, of the J integral determined according to ASTM E 813 are approximately twice the respective values for the J integral at physical crack initiation determined according to the German specification DVM 002 using the width of the stretch zone. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The fractal dimension of fracture surfaces of a high-strength low-alloy steel (ASTM A710) has been measured using different ruler lengths. The fractal dimension increases with increasing impact toughness, E, and can be expressed by the quantitative relationship, E=E0e25D′, where E0=1.9 J representing the impact toughness in Euclidean space, and D′ is the fractal dimensional increment, defined by D′=DS−2=DL−1 and DS and DL are respectively, the surface and linear fractal dimensions. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, The rhizosphere of Trifolium repens and Lolium perenne was divided into three fractions: the bulk soil, the soil adhering to the roots and the washed roots (rhizoplane and endorhizosphere). After isolation and purification of DNA from these fractions, 16S rDNA was amplified by PCR and cloned to obtain a collection of 16S rRNA genes representative of the bacterial communities of these three fractions. The genes were then characterized by PCR restriction analysis. Each different profile was used to define an operational taxonomic unit (OTU). The numbers of OTUs and the numbers of clones among these OTUs allowed to calculate a diversity index. The number of OTUs decreased as root proximity increased and a few OTUs became dominant, resulting in a lower diversity index. In the root fraction of T. repens, the restriction profile of the dominant OTU matched the theoretical profile of the 16S rRNA gene of Rhizobium leguminosarum. This study showed that plant roots create a selective environment for microbial populations.
__label__0, Let Δ(x) = A(x) \(- \frac{{\varsigma \left( {\frac{3} {2}} \right)}} {{\varsigma \left( 3 \right)}}x^{\frac{1} {2}} - \frac{{\varsigma \left( {\frac{2} {3}} \right)}} {{\varsigma \left( 2 \right)}}x^{\frac{1} {3}} \), where A(x) denotes the number of square-full integers not exceeding x. In this paper, we prove that Δ(x) = O \((x^{\frac{1} {7} + \varepsilon } ) \), which improves the exponent 4/27 obtained by Y.-C. Cai [5].
__label__0, This investigation features two approaches to optimal design of multilayer plates at impulse loading. The first approach deals with minimization of stresses in the plate layers by selecting the elastic properties of the fillers. The second approach is based on a two‐level synthesis procedure applied to the problem of optimal design of multilayer plates with a minimum mass. The effectiveness of these approaches is illustrated by numerical examples.Sommario. L'analisi è tesa alla caratterizzazione di due procedure di progettazione ottimale di piastre multistrato ad azioni impulsive. La prima procedura concerne con la minimizzazione dello sforzo negli strati della piastra selezionando le proprietà elastiche dei riempimenti.II secondo approccio e basato su di una procedura a due livelli di sintesi applicata al problema del disegno ottimo di piastre multistrato con una massa minima. L'efficacia di questi approcci e illustrata tramite esempi numerici.
__label__0, Active-to-passive oxidation transition in chemical vapour deposited β-SiC was investigated in the temperature range 1300≤T≤1700°C under low total pressures (100≤Ptot≤800 Pa) and relatively high linear gas flow rates (10≤Vgas≤60 m s1) by thermogravimetric analysis. For given T, Ptot and Vgas, the oxygen partial pressure at the transition, PtO2, corresponds to the value where the mass-loss rate per unit area of the oxidized sample, R, is maximum. Logarithms of PtO2 are linear functions of reciprocal temperature for given Ptot, and Vgas. Vgas has a significant influence on the position of the transition log(PtO2)–T-1 line. PtO2 is also slightly affected by an increase of Ptot from 100 Pa to 800 Pa. In passive oxidation at high temperatures (>1500°C), large bubbles form in the silica film which is then disrupted leading to a loss of material. In active oxidation, R significantly depends on Vgas: the kinetics is diffusion or mass transfer controlled under the conditions investigated in the present study. In both active and passive oxidation regimes, a mass loss of the test specimen is always observed; an explanation is proposed.
__label__0, The electrical conductivity of polymer resins containing gold and silver particulate fillers has been investigated as a function of the particle content. At the same time, an apparatus constructed in-house has permitted measurement of the conductance between two isolated filler particles in the presence of an epoxy or polyester resin undergoing cure in situ. Numerical simulations of the conductivity of composites for filler volume fractions beyond the percolation threshold have shown these microscopic measurements to be consistent with the observed conductivities of the macroscopic samples. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, A solid-state wetting technique has been used to investigate the interface between solid Cu and α-SiC at high temperatures. An intermediate phase is found to form as an interfacial reaction product between Cu and SiC at high temperature, and to thicken upon further heating at 1123 K. The interfacial phase has an approximate composition of Cu–19 at%Si–5 at%C and displays an f.c.c. structure. Such a phase is not present in the published Cu–Si phase diagram, and forms under conditions which cannot be explained from that phase diagram. It is postulated that this phase represents a previously unreported silicide of Cu which may be stabilized by the presence of C in solution. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The pulsing inertial oscillation (PIO) model is a nonlinear, time-dependent, translating vortex solution of the inviscid, compressible fluid dynamic equations in the middle troposphere. The translation of this vortex during a pulse is strikingly similar to that of a supercell storm – a rotating thunderstorm that can generate tornadoes and hail. Two studies were performed to test the hypothesis that some supercell storms are manifestations of a PIO pulse. The first study applied the model to an intense interior draft whose buoyancy was bounded by a temperature excess of ± 12 K. The peak updraft speed achieved was 41·5 m s−1 and the peak Rossby number was 92·9. The study also pointed to an advanced concept for attaining higher values. The second study applied the PIO model to a supercell storm as a whole and succeeded in replicating its bulk properties, such as mesocylonic circulation, net mass and moisture influxes, and time track. This study also identified a critical feature of the PIO model that could be tested against storm data: The average vertical draft is downward before the turn in the storm track and upward afterwards. In the conventional theory, the average vertical draft is upward from storm inception until dissipation. These differing draft predictions were compared with the best available data, which are surface mesonetwork data. These data were found to support the PIO model. However, surface data alone are not conclusive, and further measurements are warranted.
__label__0, AlN–W composites were fabricated by pressureless sintering. The residual stress and mechanical properties were investigated for AlN–W composites with different tungsten contents. The fracture strength decreased and the fracture toughness increased with increase of the tungsten phase from 5 vol% to 20 vol%. It was thought that the decrease of strength would be due to the effects of relative density and the grain boundary phases. The crack tortuosity of indented specimens was gradually marked as a function of secondary phase content. In the residual stress measurement, the matrix phase of composites exhibited compressive stress distribution, which was increased with the addition of tungsten. This tendency was consistent with the results predicted by the thermoelastic stress model. From the results of the crack propagation path and the development of fracture toughness, it was thought that the residual compressive stress of matrix phase must have contributed to the development of crack propagation resistance.
__label__0, A possible first step in determining the flow about a steadily advancing ship is to consider the ship plus its mirror image in the undisturbed free surface. If the ship has a bulbous bow, the question may be asked whether a stagnation point can be expected not only at the intersection of the stem and the undisturbed surface, but also at some point on the stem near the bulb. In analogous two-dimensional situations the latter could not happen. That it can happen in three dimensions is shown here by the example of two dipoles situated perpendicularly to an oncoming flow. Both two- and three dimensional versions are considered. The conditions under which these stagnation points can occur in three dimensions are determined and the reason why this does not happen in two dimensions is explained.
__label__0, In order to evaluate whether Co can functionally replace Ni in urease, as suggested by Watanabe et al. (Soil Sci. Plant Nutr. (1994) 40, 545–548), zucchini and soybean plants were grown in purified nutrient solutions containing nitrate and ammonium as sole N source supplemented either with 0.05 mmol m-3 Ni or Co or with no supplementation (control). In addition, isolated soybean cotyledons were incubated axenically with either 1 mmol m-3 Ni or Co supplements. Plant growth was not affected by the Ni and Co additions, but urease activity was only detected in Ni-supplemented tissue, and in no case did Co raise the urease activity level. Only Ni-deprived plants (–Ni – Co and –Ni + Co) accumulated appreciable amounts of urea in the leaves. These results strongly suggest, that Co does not replace Ni with respect to functional urease.
__label__0, The metaphorical phrase les armes de Caïn "human jaws" is quoted by several French 17th century sources. While no Cain's weapon is specified in the Bible, an ass's jaw is Samson's weapon, on one occasion.The French phrase either results from an erroneous attribution of the weapon, or refers to a parabiblical tradition that connects the concept of an ass's jaw to Cain. A review of numerous traditions demonstrates that various weapons were attributed to Cain in different cultures. A jaw of an ass is Cain's weapon according to the medieval tradition in England, but not in France. Deriving plausibly from misinterpreted Irish-made Latin translations of Irenaeus, this concept of Cain's weapon could be used to identify any monument before the 13th century as related to Britain.The phrase in question is not a calque of some English fixed phrase: no such English expression is known. It refers to the foreign iconographical concept, which might have penetrated into France through formerly English domains in the 13th–15th centuries, or from Burgundian territories, where it occurs since the 13th century. Otherwise, the phrase could be a product of a narrow circle of 17th century literati.
__label__0, An integrated powder delivery system is described, which can provide a highly stable, continuous, and accurate powder feeding rate, and deliver the alloy powders coaxially into the laser-generated molten pool to form high-quality cladding tracks. By combining such a powder feeding system and computer-aided design/computer aided machining system, complex, three-dimensional geometric patterns were deposited on AISI 1045 steel plate or roller via laser cladding for manufacturing cutting and stamping dies, and laminated metal matrix composites. The microstructures of cladding layers, interface, and heat-affected zone were characterized, and the microhardness of a transverse section of single cladding tracks was also measured. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, This paper presents a theoretical and experimental investigation into the oxidation reactions of Si3N4-bonded SiC ceramics. Such ceramics which contain a small amount of silicon offer increased oxidation and wear resistance and are widely used as lining refractories in blast furnaces. The thermodynamics of oxidation reactions were studied using the JANAF tables. The weight gain was measured using a thermogravimetric analysis technique to study the kinetics. The temperature range of oxidation measurements is from 1073 to 1573 K and the oxidation atmosphere is water vapour, pure CO and CO–CO2 gas mixtures with various CO-to-CO2 ratios. Thermodynamic simulations showed that the oxidation mechanism of Si3N4-bonded SiC ceramics is passive oxidation and all components contribute to the formation of a silica film. The activated energies of the reactions follow the sequence Si3N4>SiC>Si. The kinetic study revealed that the oxidation of Si3N4-bonded SiC ceramics occurred in a mixed regime controlled by both interface reaction and diffusion through the silica film. Under the atmosphere conditions prevailing in the blast furnace, this ceramic is predicted to be passively oxidized with the chemical reaction rate becoming more dominant as the CO concentration increases. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Using the pressure dependence of the mean-square displacement, the compression effect on the melting temperature of matrix Al is studied by Lindeman's melting law. The melting curve obtained increases as a function of the pressure and is in good agreement with the observed tendency for Al. The contribution of the transverse-like acoustic modes to the mean-square displacement is important for Al and becomes more predominant under pressure. Then, considering the contributions from the band and local mode frequencies, the temperature- and pressure-dependent mean-square displacement is quantitatively calculated for Al–Si and Al–Ge solid solutions. The concentration dependence of the Debye temperature at high and low temperatures is estimated, and the pressure effect on the solidus curves is presented by applying Lindeman's melting law to the Al–Si and Al–Ge alloy systems. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Measurements were made of the dynamic Young's modulus (stiffness) and damping for NiAl specimens containing varying amounts of aluminium nitride and prepared by cryomilling. Five specimens of NiAl–AlN were measured at room temperature, each specimen having a different percentage of AlN in the range 1%–30%. Further measurements were made on the 1% and 30% AlN specimens for the temperature range 22–495°C. At room temperature, the Young's modulus of the NiAl–AlN specimens decreased linearly with increasing percentage of AlN. The temperature dependence of Young's modulus for the 1% and 30% AlN specimens was found to be linear. These results were compared with those of typical nickel-based superalloys for a similar temperature range. The damping for all of the NiAl–AlN specimens was of the order of that for other intermetallic compounds (10-3–10-4). The study opened up the possibility of NiAl–AlN being a less-expensive and more easily produced alternative to nickel-based superalloys for high-temperature, high-stiffness applications. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, A field lysimeter experiment was conducted over a 406 day period to determine the effect of different soil types on the fate of synthetic urinary nitrogen (N). Soil types included a sandy loam, silty loam, clay and peat. Synthetic urine was applied at 1000 kg N ha-1, during a winter season, to intact soil cores in lysimeters. Leaching losses, nitrous oxide (N2O) emissions, and plant uptake of N were monitored, with soil 15N content determined upon destructive sampling of the lysimeters. Plant uptake of urine-N ranged from 21.6 to 31.4%. Soil type influenced timing and form of inorganic-N leaching. Macropore flow occurred in the structured silt and clay soils resulting in the leaching of urea. Ammonium (NH +4 –N), nitrite (NO -2 –N) and nitrate (NO3 -–N) all occurred in the leachates with maximum concentrations, varying with soil type and ranging from 2.3–31.4 μg NH +4 –N mL-1, 2.4–35.6 μg NO -2 –N mL-1, and 62–102 μg NO -3 –N mL-1, respectively. Leachates from the peat and clay soils contained high concentrations of NO -2 –N. Gaseous losses of N2O were low (<2% of N applied) over a 112 day measurement period. An associated experiment showed the ratio of N2–N:N2O–N ranged from 6.2 to 33.2. Unrecovered 15N was presumed to have been lost predominantly as gaseous N2. It is postulated that the high levels of NO -2 –N could have contributed to chemodenitrification mechanisms in the peat soil.
__label__0, In this paper we consider finite rank torsion-free rings, which have almost regular automorphisms of prime order (a non-trivial automorphism is called almost regular if it has only trivial fixed points, i.e. zero and the elements of a ring linear dependent on its identity). The main result of this paper is the analogue of G. Higman's known Theorem [1] on almost regular automorphism for commutative finite rank torsion-free rings.
__label__0, The numerical-stability consequences of the remaining ellipticity in the Parabolic Stability Equations (PSE) are studied. The analysis of Li and Malik of the constant-coefficient Navier-Stokes equations is extended by a detailed analysis of the parabolizing steps. Dropping of the highest streamwise derivative removes the slowest decaying upstream propagating mode, whereas the fastest remains. This mode can be numerically damped, by use of an implicit discretization of the streamwise derivative and a large enough streamwise step size. Suggestions of how to make the equations well-posed by the addition of a term proportional to the truncation error of the implicit scheme are given. This term is easy to implement, does not change the order of approximation and removes the step-size restriction. An explicit formula for the critical step size is also derived, in the modified equations, which shows that the equations are completely stabilized for a properly chosen stabilization parameter.
__label__0, In this study we investigated the relationship between the coefficients of the Norton law for low-stress high-temperature deformation results of different materials reported in the literature. These coefficients are interrelated and it is shown that this relation can be theoretically deduced from the assumption of a variation of the activation area with the inverse of the effective stress (i.e. a variation of the activation energy with the logarithm of the stress). As a consequence, all the straight lines ln(strain-rate)–ln (stress) intersected at the same point, named the pivot point. This pivot point is characteristic of each material. Such a correlation can be found in the field of the mechanics of materials when a power-law relation holds. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, It has been generally accepted that all the modes of fracture, including rapid crack growth, quasi-static fracture and slow crack growth in polyethylene are associated with the behaviour of the craze ahead of the crack tip. For recently developed tough pipe grade polyethylene materials, the need for knowledge of the craze behaviour seems particularly important in understanding the fracture behaviour of various modes since, with the low Young's moduli and low yield stresses, large craze zones tend to make it difficult to interpret the test data using a fracture mechanics approach. A novel test method is described in this paper which is designed for craze generation and craze behaviour analysis under plane strain conditions. The test method has been proved to be suitable both for quasi-static fractures and for long term fractures, and hopefully for rapid fractures, in tough polyethylene materials. The test data of yield stress against time to yielding show a clear brittle ductile transition which implies different fracture mechanisms in short term fracture and in long term fracture.
__label__0, Minor quantities of Ag have been added to Al–Li–Cu–Mg–Zr alloys. Their microstructure has been studied by means of optical metallography, transmission electron microscopy and X-ray diffraction. In the high Li, low Cu:Mg ratio alloys the main phases found were δ′, β′, S′ and T1, while fewer T2 and Al7Cu2Fe precipitates were also observed. The addition of up to 0.5 wt% Ag diminishes the δ′ and T1 precipitates size. This is attributed to a small increase of Li solubility in the matrix. In the low Li, high Cu:Mg ratio alloy the addition of 0.2 wt% Ag resulted in the precipitation of Ω phase simultaneously with δ′, β′, S′ and T1 phases. Due to the low Li concentration an unusual growth of the δ′/β′ precipitates at the expense of the δ′ precipitates was also observed. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Internal friction measurements on TaS2 and a representative number of its amine intercalates are reported. The intercalants are observed to magnify the features seen in the internal friction curve of pure TaS2 and to introduce new features such as abrupt decreases in internal friction (IF) attributed to the melting of certain intercalants and a large low-temperature IF peak attributed to thermally activated proton exchange among intercalant molecules. The intercalant configurations, host-layer separations, and the number of amine groups per intercalant molecule, are used to explain the differences seen in the internal friction spectra of the intercalated samples. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, High-energy ball milling has been performed on FexAl1-x powder mixtures with x=0.75, 0.50, 0.25 and 0.20. X-ray diffraction, Mossbauer spectroscopy and electron microscopy have been used to characterize the samples milled for different times and annealed in a differential scanning calorimeter. It is found that, during milling, there is diffusion of both elements into each other, with a prevalence of iron diffusion into aluminium, at least in the early stages of the process. This behaviour is more pronounced in the aluminium-rich samples. The growth of the Fe(Al) and Al(Fe) solid solutions has been observed for x≥0.5, different from the lower iron concentrations where the Fe(Al) phase has not been detected. The annealing of pre-milled samples favours the formation, depending on the sample composition and on the annealing temperature, of intermetallic phases such as Fe3Al, FeAl, Fe2Al5 and FeAl3. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Cathodic electrosynthesis of zirconium, lanthanum and lead oxides was performed from aqueous solutions of ZrOCl2 · 8H2O, La(NO3)3 · 6H2O and Pb(NO3)2, respectively. The deposits were characterized by X-ray diffraction, thermogravimetric and differential thermal analyses. Crystallite sizes of zirconia were derived at different temperatures from X-ray broadening data. The influence of hydrogen peroxide on the electrosynthesis process, crystallization and phase evolution of deposits has been studied. A possible mechanism of electrosynthesis and the role of hydrogen peroxide are discussed.
__label__0, Nickel and silicon powders, of average composition Ni3Si, were mechanical alloyed in a high energy ball mill. The severe plastic deformation produced by mechanical milling induced transformations with increasing milling time as follows: mixture of elemental Ni and Si powder → f.c.c. solid solution → nanocrystalline f.c.c. The structural evolution with milling time was followed by X-ray diffraction, differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). Complete f.c.c. solid solution occurred at a milling time of 4 h and the saturated ΔH (by DSC) peak in the range of estimated enthalpy even after 24 h milling. The similarity of the mechanism of structural development by mechanical alloying of the Ni76Si24 powder mixture, and by mechanical milling of Ni76Si24 compound was also investigated in this study.
__label__0, The velocity potentials of a point source moving at a constant velocity in the upper layer of a two-layer fluid are obtained in a form amenable to numerical integration. Each fluid layer is of finite depth, and the density difference between the two layers is not necessarily small. The far-field asymptotic behavior of the surface waves and internal waves are also derived using the method of stationary phase. They show that the wave system at the free surface or at the interface each contains contributions from two different modes: a surface-wave mode and an internal-wave mode. When the density difference between the two layers is small or the depth of the upper layer is large, the surface-wave mode mainly affects the surface waves while the internal-wave mode mainly affects the internal waves. However, for large density difference, both modes contribute to the surface wave or internal wave system. For each mode, both divergent and transverse waves are present if the total depth Froude number is less than a certain critical Froude number which is mode-dependent. For depth Froude number greater than the critical Froude number, only divergent waves exist for that mode. This classification is similar to that of a uniform fluid of finite depth, where the critical Froude number is simply unity. The surface waves and internal waves are also calculated using the full expressions of the source potentials. They further confirm and illustrate the features observed in the asymptotic analysis.
__label__0, Thermogravimetric studies and combined thermal analysis techniques have been used to characterize an ablative composite for thermal protection systems. The aim of the work was to utilize these techniques to obtain the main parameters used in the computer simulation of the space re-entry. In particular, a phenomenological model of the degradation kinetics of a silicon-based ablative composite has been developed using thermogravimetric analysis coupled with mass spectroscopic analysis. Simultaneous thermal analysis has also been used to calculate the ablation heat. The results are used as input for a computer model, developed in Part II, to enable calculation of the temperature profiles inside a thermal protection shield during the re-entry into the earth's atmosphere. Such a program can also be used in materials selection. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, A model is described of directional coupled two-phase composite growth in three dimensions using a combined cellular automaton finite difference (CAFD) approach. The modelling strategy and some preliminary results are presented here for the first time. The model incorporates solute diffusion and a simple cellular automaton growth rule containing a pseudo-curvature algorithm. Despite its limitations, the model is able to simulate some of the structural effects that take place during coupled growth. As a demonstration application the model is applied to eutectic growth in the Pb–Sn system and compared to experimental measurements. The scale of predicted microstructures in the model is close to that measured after directional freezing of Pb–Sn eutectic.
__label__0, Hydrated alkaline earth cyclo-octaphosphates were made by adding an aqueous solution of alkaline earth chlorides into an aqueous solution of sodium cyclo-octaphosphate. Thermal properties of the compounds were studied by TG-DTA analysis. The water of crystallization was removed below 200°C. The cyclo-octaphosphates decomposed to produce many phosphate species up to about 500°C, and they finally reorganized to metaphosphates. The overall thermal reaction of alkaline earth cyclo-octaphosphates can be written by the equation. M4(PO3)8 · nH2O → 4M(PO3)2 + nH2O
__label__0, The growth of vapour-deposited tellurium on uniaxially oriented polyethylene substrates of various crystallinity is examined. Two orientations of the tellurium appear, depending apparently on the crystallinity of the respective substrate. That these individual orientations are of various origins is concluded from our investigations. On totally amorphous films, obtained after electron irradiation of the substrate films, only one preferred orientation of the Te remains in accordance with our model, which is presented to explain the mechanisms of the respective orientations of tellurium onto polyethylene.
__label__0, A new dielectric binary mixture formula that generalizes Beer's equation is derived by imposing an effective medium theory on the simple rule of mixtures modified by the addition of an interaction term. Dielectric constants of the binary system carbon tetrachloride/1,2-dichloroethane measured at different frequencies and of carbon tetrachloride/butan-2-ol at different temperatures are used to test the applicability of the new mixture formula. Goodness of fit to the experimental data is found.
__label__0, In-situ experiments on the Ni/SiC interface reaction were carried out with a high temperature X-ray diffractometer capable of measuring the X-ray diffraction pattern in 1–2 s using an imaging plate. The kinetic formation processes of the interface reaction layer were measured in short-period exposure experiments with the apparatus. The time-temperature phase diagram of Ni/SiC in N2 was determined. δ-Ni2Si and Θ-Ni2Si (high temperature phase of δ-Ni2Si) were formed at the Ni/SiC interface between 1072 K and 1418 K in N2. The formation of δ-Ni2Si obeyed the parabolic rate law. The value of the activation energy suggests that the diffusion of Ni through δ-Ni2Si controls the rate of formation. The results of thermal expansion coefficient measurements suggest that when a sample is cooled to room temperature, compression caused by δ-Ni2Si occurs on SiC.
__label__0, The response to mechanical loads of unidirectional commingled warp knitted and woven glass fibre reinforced polyethylene terephthalate laminates has been characterized. The mechanical properties of the two materials were determined under tension, in-plane shear and flexure. The flexural fatigue properties were determined for the woven laminates by means of three-point bending tests with a loading ratio of R=0.1 at stress levels of 50–90% of the ultimate static strength. The Mode I, Mode II and mixed mode (Mode I : II ratios 4 : 1, 1 : 1 and 1 : 4) interlaminar fracture toughnesses of the laminates were determined by means of the double cantilever beam and mixed mode bending tests, respectively. The main fractographic features, as determined by a scanning electron microscopy examination, of the Mode I dominated failures were a brittle matrix failure and larger amounts of fibre pull-out. As the Mode II loading component increased, the amount of fibre pull-out was reduced and the features of the matrix appeared to be more sheared. Cusps were found on the fracture surfaces of specimens tested in pure Mode II and mixed mode I : II=1 : 4. Cusps are normally not found in thermoplastic matrix composites. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, The effects of creep deformation on the shape of grain boundaries were investigated on pure Zn polycrystals at 373 K. The fractal dimension of the grain boundaries D(1≤D≤2) was estimated by the box-counting method. There was then discussion on the relationship between the value of D, the microstructures, and the creep or plastic strain in the deformed specimens of metallic materials.The fractal dimension of the grain boundaries (D) increased with increasing the creep strain in pure Zn polycrystals, but the increase in the value of D levelled off when the creep strain exceeded about 0.30. The value of D decreased as the creep stress decreased. The increase in the value of D with the creep strain was correlated with the increase in the density of slip lines in the grains that formed the ledges and steps on grain boundaries. The value of D on the plane in parallel with the tensile axis was slightly larger than that on the plane transverse to the tensile axis. The mean shear strain on grain boundaries estimated from the value of D was correlated with the creep or plastic strain in the deformed specimens.
__label__0, Four Ti MMCs have been tested in transverse tension, at ambient temperature and 600 °C. Generally, mechanical properties are reduced compared to monolithic Ti alloys. Transverse Young's modulus is, however, higher than in monolithic alloys, as a result of constraint of the matrix by the fibres.MMC proportional limits are associated with the onset of interfacial failure. Fibre coating cracking and longitudinal fibre splitting may also contribute to MMC yield and the associated acoustic emission peak. The fibre/matrix interface in IMI 834/SM1140+ appears to be weaker than in the other MMCs, resulting in a lower proportional limit and less acoustic emission. Final failure of the MMCs is generally via ductile shearing of matrix ligaments. The exception to this is IMI 834/SM1140+ in which the matrix fails in a brittle manner. This causes poor transverse tensile strength and failure strain in this MMC.A model to predict the MMC proportional limit, previously proposed by Jansson et al., has been modified to take account of the tensile strength of the fibre/matrix interface. The model previously used by Jansson et al. to predict the transverse tensile strength is acceptably accurate provided that the area fraction of matrix appearing on fracture surfaces is accurately determined.
__label__0, A pot experiment was conducted with rice to study the relative absorption of urea in molecular form compared to the other forms of N produced in soil from the applied urea. A method involving application of 14C-labelled urea and 15N-labelled urea alternately in two splits was used to quantify the absorption of molecular urea and other forms of N formed from it. Biomass production and N uptake were greater in plants grown under flooded soil conditions than in plants grown under non-flooded (upland) conditions. Absorption of N by rice increased with increasing rate of urea application up to 250 mg pot−1 and declined thereafter. The absorption of urea from the flooded soil constituted 9.4% of total N uptake from applied N compared to only 0.2% from the non-flooded. Under submerged conditions, absorption of urea from topdressing was about twice that from basal application at planting. High water solubility of the fertilizer and better developed rice root system might have enhanced the absorption of molecular urea by flooded rice, especially from topdressing. Thus, in the flooded rice system, the direct absorption of molecular urea from topdressing accounted for 6.3% of the total N uptake from added urea. Under upland condition, it was 0.12%.
__label__0, In this paper a new micromechanical model for predicting the transverse modulus of unidirectional continuous and discontinuous fiber composites is proposed. This model is based on modeling a composite with a regular array of volume elements and constructing a stress pattern based on simple averaging procedures in the direction transverse to the fiber axis for a representative volume element. The effects of fiber aspect ratio, interfiber spacing and fiber end gap on the transverse modulus of discontinuous fiber composites are discussed in detail. The predictions of the model are compared with existing experimental results for various fiber/matrix systems and very good agreement is found. The present model has advantages over other existing models not only because the effects of fiber aspect ratio, interfiber spacing and fiber end gap are taken into account and the expression for the transverse modulus of composites is simple in form but also because the present model gives precise predictions of the transverse composite modulus.
__label__0, The unsteady two-dimensional flow of a viscous incompressible fluid past an impulsively started oscillating and translating elliptic cylinder has been investigated. The governing Navier-Stokes equations expressed in terms of a stream-function/vorticity formulation are solved numerically for the early stages of the flow for moderate to high Reynolds numbers. A boundary-layer type transformation was adopted to scale out the singular nature in the vorticity at the start of the motion. Some comparisons of the flow patterns with the impulsively started translating case have been included to illustrate the effect of oscillation. Wherever possible, comparisons with existing numerical results have been made and the agreement was found to be good.
__label__0, Reaction bonded silicon carbide (RBSiC) ceramics typically contain 10 vol% silicon inherent to the reaction bonding process. However, the relatively low melting point (1410°C) of the silicon phase is a limiting factor in the high temperature use of RBSiC materials. The application temperature can potentially be enhanced by replacing the silicon with more refractory metal disilicide phases. In this paper we report the infiltration of SiC-graphite compacts with alloyed Si-Ta melts in an attempt to precipitate TaSi2 (Tm=2040°C) in place of the residual silicon. High density RBSiC-TaSi2 ceramics with virtually no porosity were readily produced, but subsequent XRD and SEM examination revealed that the silicon phase was not completely removed. In addition, the materials possessed complex, inhomogeneous microstructures and were susceptible to various types of crack formation phenomena.
__label__0, A new forming method, pressureless powder packing (PLPP), was studied to fabricate the β- and β′′-Al2O3 tubes. Alkali sources were infiltrated into the pores of α-Al2O3 tube preforms that had been prepared by the PLPP forming method. The composition for the synthesis of β′′-Al2O3 phase was Na2O · 0. 138Li2 · 4.4Al2O3. The β′′-Al2O3 fraction of calcined and sintered bodies was increased with the increase of calcination temperature, and phase formation was largely affected by the type of starting α-Al2O3. Large particle size and narrow size distribution of fused α-Al2O3 resulted in uniform green microstructure that enhanced the homogeneity of alkali salts after infiltration, which was very important for the β′-Al2O3 formation. Sintered microstructure was uniform in all specimens but further development was required for density improvement.
__label__0, Microscopic structures and mechanical properties of amorphous TiO2 ultra-fine particles have been studied by positron annihilation spectroscopy. A positron lifetime of about 1.5 ns was found as the longest lifetime component τ3 which is attributed to the ortho-positronium annihilation in open space. The lifetime τ3 and the corresponding intensity I3 was independent of atmosphere: vacuum and various gasses. Accordingly, a micro-void is contained inside the particle as the open space. An intermediate lifetime τ2 was approximately 0.4 ns. The intensity I2 was strongly affected by the atmosphere. No effect was found for the particles, the surface of which was coated by silicon dioxide film. This component is arisen from the positron annihilation on the particle surface and the particles contain the surface cracks. When the volume of particles packed in an ampoule was decreased by 1/4 times by compression, the longest component as well as the intermediate one disappeared and only the shortest-lifetime component τ1 of about 0.24 ns remained. To conclude, the particles are so soft that the micro-voids and the surface cracks are collapsed by compression.
__label__0, Protective coatings of CVD diamond have been bonded to infrared-transmitting optical windows of ZnSe with As-Se-S system chalcogenide glasses of which the refractive index is made to closely match that of diamond by the “optical brazing” process. To select optimal composition in the As-Se-S system, the Tg, Ts, reflective index and infrared-transmittance of the glass samples were measured. Measurement of transmittance with a Fourier transform infrared spectrometer after the brazing process confirmed that scattering losses were greatly reduced. Infrared transmittance of ZnSe windows with a thin film diamond coating bonded to chalcogenide glass was about 63%.
__label__0, An investigation has been undertaken of the stress distributions in high-performance polyethylene fibres bridging cracks in model epoxy composites. The axial fibre stress has been determined from stress-induced Raman band shifts and the effect of fibre surface treatment has been followed using untreated and plasma-treated polyethylene fibres. It is found that when the specimen is cracked, the fibres do not break and stress is transmitted from the matrix to the fibre across the fibre/matrix interface. A debond propagates along the fibre/matrix interface accompanied by friction along the debonded interface. The axial stress distributions in the fibres can be analysed using a partial-debonding model based upon shear-lag theory and it is found that the maximum interfacial shear stress at the bond/debond transition is a function of the debond length. The debonding process has been modelled successfully in terms of the interfacial fracture energy-based criterion developed by Hsueh for the propagation of a debond along a fibre/matrix interface accompanied by constant friction along the interface.
__label__0, As a non-destructive and subsurface detecting technique, the scanning electron acoustic microscopy (SEAM) method has been applied to study the ferrodomain structures in ferroelectric BaTiO3 single crystal and ceramics. The domain arrangements and the orientations of domain walls at different geometry structures in the BaTiO3 single crystal, and the relationships of domain structures with surface grains in the BaTiO3 ceramics, have been discussed by analysing the experimental results obtained at different operation conditions. The distributions of electron acoustic signals with modulation frequencies up to 1 MHz have been obtained. The relationship of the electron acoustic signal with incident electron energy has also been studied. Although the thermal wave coupling mechanism makes a certain contribution to the acoustic signal generations, the image contrast of ferrodomains is dominated by differences in the electrical properties of ferroelectric materials. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, The pyrolysis of organic components in the sol-gel preparation of lead zirconate titanate (PZT) from lead acetate and zirconium and titanium propanolate in methoxyethanol is studied with simultaneous differential thermal analysis, thermogravimetry and infrared spectroscopy. The first pyrolysis step of the dried PZT gel, yielding acetone and CO2 similar to the pyrolysis of lead acetate, indicates that most of the acetate groups are bonded to Pb2+. In the second step, the remaining organic components are oxidized to CO2 and H2O. The formation of undesired carbon residues during pyrolysis from unhydrolysed alkoxide groups and acetate groups bonded to Zr4+ and Ti4+ can be prevented by steam treatment of the dried gels. Activation energies for the different pyrolysis steps of lead, zirconium and titanyl acetate, lead decanoate and PZT gels are given. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, The corrosion behavior of a stainless steel 310S was investigated in amolten carbonate electrolyte at 650°C. The LiFeO2 andLiCrO2 oxides were formed in contact with the eutectic 62 mol%Li2CO3–38 mol% K2CO3mixture. Despite the low solubility of these oxides, the presence offissures in the LiFeO2 layer does not provide good protection ofthe metallic material. The electrochemical-impedance spectroscopy (EIS)technique has shown low values of polarization resistance up to 80 hr and anincrease of the electrolyte resistance because of the dissolution of part ofthe scale after immersion. A mechanism for the corrosion of stainless steel310S in molten carbonates is proposed between 0 and 80 hr, taking intoaccount thermodynamic simulations, X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanningelectron microscopy (SEM) characterizations, and ac-impedance (EIS)results. This mechanism confirms a high corrosion rate and nonprotectivescale formation during the first hours of immersion. An external anddiscontinuous iron-rich oxide layer covered by a thin chromium-rich oxidelayer and an intermediate chromium-rich oxide and an internal spinel layerwere observed. Internal oxidation of the substrate also occurred to form(Fe, Cr)2O3 oxide. The dissolution in the melt of apart of the scale has been detected by EIS.
__label__0, The scaling laws of Edwards et al. for cluster fragmentation at the two-dimensional percolation threshold, recently confirmed also in high dimensions, explain the Alexandrowicz observation that the Becker–Döring equation of classical nucleation theory and its generalization by Katz, Saltsburg, and Reiss fail right at the critical point.
__label__0, Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) studies demonstrate that the multiple melting behavior observed in both R and S enantiomorphs of poly(epichlorohydrin), their equimolar blend and the stereoblock copolymer form follows two distinctly different patterns, depending on the crystallization conditions. Isothermal crystallization at large undercoolings results in primary crystallites which during the heating scan undergo a process of melting/recrystallization and final melting, evidenced by a triple melting peak endotherm with the shape and position of the highest melting peak strongly dependent on scanning rate. By comparison, isothermal crystallization at small undercoolings yields primary and secondary crystallized material which melts with a double peak endotherm, the shape of which depends strongly on the crystallization time, with no indication of reorganization during the scan. These melting behavior observations support previous suggestions about the role of enantiomorphism in the crystallization of the stereoblock copolymer. Characteristic slow overall rates of crystallization of poly(epichlorohydrin) make this polymer an ideal subject for the study and refinement of multiple melting in polymers.
__label__0, The microstructure of an AlCu4Mg1Ag alloy reinforced with 15 vol % Al2O3-Saffil fibers was investigated by analytical transmission electron microscopy and compared to the microstructure of the unreinforced alloy. The investigation results show that the composite matrix is enriched in Si as a consequence of the interfacial reaction between the Mg from the alloy and the SiO2 from the fiber and fiber binder. The presence of Si in the composite matrix modifies the characteristic precipitation state of the monolithic Al-alloy: in the peak aged T6-temper, the phases Ω + S′ are substituted by a fine and homogeneous precipitation of Θ′ plates, and a new type of rod-shaped precipitates. On overageing, these rod-shaped precipitates can be classified into two categories: precipitates containing Al, Cu, Mg, and Si (possibly a Q-phase precursor) and Si precipitates that act as nuclei for Θ′.
__label__0, We consider an Ising system in d≥2 dimensions with a ferromagnetic Kac potential whose scaling parameter is denoted by γ. We derive an asymptotic series for the thermodynamic pressure P β, γ in powers of γ. The 0th-order term of the expansion is the mean-field pressure of the Lebowitz and Penrose theory.
__label__0, Dynamic, cyclic and static fatigue testing was performed on soda lime silicate glass using indentation strength measurements. Using the conventional analysis, the cyclic and static fatigue data were inconsistent with the remaining data for the case when the indentations were annealed prior to testing. Using an analysis that included the measured variations in the fracture mechanics geometric parameters, all three data sets were consistent. Using a numerical analysis, the lifetime for materials in the static and cyclic fatigue tests was shown to be sensitive to variations in the stress intensity factor at short crack lengths. It is therefore very important to understand any crack size dependent of the fracture mechanics parameters in this crack size region for accurate lifetime predictions.
__label__0, Mo(Si,Al)2 alloy was prepared by reactive hot pressing at low temperatures for a short time under 20MPa in a vacuum using MoSi2, Mo and Al as starting powders. At 1160 °C, 5 min of soaking time was enough to obtain a high density alloy. At 1060 °C, however, 10min was needed. The formation of Mo(Si,Al)2 was accompanied by the melting of aluminum and controlled by the dissolution of molybdenum into the aluminum melt. It was proposed that the oxygen present in MoSi2 raw powder would react with aluminum and form Al2O3 in an amorphous or poor crystallization state. The mechanical properties of the alloy were a little stronger than those of monolithic MoSi2 alloy. The formed Al2O3 particles acted as crack-pinning elements, but a large toughening effect could not be obtained by this crack-pinning because of the strong interface bonding and the similar thermal expansion coefficients of Mo(Si,Al)2 and Al2O3.
__label__0, The evolution of microstructure as-spun and during subsequent heat treatment at 200 to 500°C for up to 1000 h has been studied for Al-6.3 Mn-3.3 Si, Al-8.3 Mn-3.7 Si and Al-14.5 Mn-5.8 Si (wt %) alloys, containing 17, 26 and 48 vol % αAlMnSi at equilibrium respectively. Microstructure as-spun ranged from primary icosahedral phase nucleating radial cellular αAl arrays to less regular duplex arrays of αAl and αAlMnSi with decreasing alloy content and decreased section thickness or reduced distance from the chill surface. Heat treatment in the range 200 to 500°C transformed any icosahedral phase present to αAlMnSi along with spheroidization and coarsening/coalescence of αAlMnSi, to produce isolated spheroids when volume fraction f was lower and very stable interlinked chains at higher f. Measured coarsening rates of αAlMnSi were a factor of 10 below predictions of LSW theory at lower f but were within a factor of 2 of prediction at highest f. Hardness was governed by a combination of Hall-Petch and matrix solid solution hardening as-spun supplanted by particle-radius dependent Orowan combined with matrix Hall-Petch hardening for the evolution of hardness during prior long term heat treatment at 425°C.
__label__0, The mechanism for nucleation phenomenon in solid-state microcellular foams is identified as a solid-state failure process. This process originates at internal flaws within the gas-polymer matrix, where it is induced by the presence of a state of hydrostatic tensile stress within the polymer matrix. The hydrostatic tensile stress is caused by the presence of the saturating gas within the polymer. The nucleation phenomenon is thermally activated at the effective glass transition temperature of the gas-polymer mixture. At this critical temperature, the hydrostatic tensile stress within the gas-polymer mixture is sufficient to cause the polymer matrix to fail, thereby creating a foam cell nucleus. In general, the nucleation sites are observed to be flat, approximately circular, fracture sites. After the appearance of the initial fracture, gas diffuses from the gas-polymer matrix into the fracture. The fracture seam inflates during the growth process, in which growth begins with the appearance of a disk shaped fracture and concludes with an approximately spherical cell. The results and conclusions presented herein suggest a new avenue to explain the cell nucleation phenomena observed in this process.
__label__0, The generalized method of cells (GMC) is used to study the influence of pore geometry on the effective elastic properties and inelastic response of porous materials. Periodic microstructures with four distinct pore geometries are studied and the results for effective elastic properties are compared with several other available models and experimental results. Predictions for the inelastic response of porous alumina are presented for tensile loading, as a function of pore geometry and pore volume fraction, with the inelastic behavior of the bulk material modeled using a unified visco-plasticity theory. All results are presented for discrete pore shape and discrete porosity. It is shown that pore geometry can have a significant influence on both elastic and inelastic response, that pore geometry can be associated with parameters from other models, and that the generalized method of cells is an efficient, flexible and reliable method of analysis for such problems.
__label__0, Experiments were carried out to compare the direct approach for estimating crop N uptake from 15N labelled organic inputs, to two indirect approaches, 15N isotope dilution and A value. In the first experiment soils received 25, 50, 75, or 100 mg N kg soil−1 in the form of Casuarina equisitifolia residues in addition to ammonium sulphate fertiliser, to give a total of 100 mg N kg soil−1 added. This was a cross labelling design, thus two matching sets of treatments, were set up, identical in all but the position of the 15N label. Maize (Zea mays L.) plants were grown in the soils amended with residues for 11 weeks and N derived from residues (Ndfr) estimated using the A-value or the direct approach. The A-value approach appeared to significantly overestimate %Ndfr compared to the direct method. In the second experiment contrasting residues were added to soil, fababean (Vicia faba L. var. minor), alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.), soyabean fixing, (Glycine max (L.) Merrill), soyabean non-fixing, barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) and maize. This was also cross-labelling design, labelled and unlabelled residues were used. Maize plants were grown in these soils for 11 weeks and %Ndfr in the maize plants estimated using 15 N isotope dilution and the direct approach. The 15 N isotope dilution approach also overestimated %Ndfr compared to the direct method in this experiment. Pool substitution appeared to be responsible for the discrepancy between the direct and indirect techniques. It was concluded that 15N isotope dilution and A-value approaches as used in these experiments (i.e where residues and 15N label are added simultaneously) were not appropriate techniques for estimating N derived from organic residues in soils.
__label__0, The indirect squeeze casting process has been used to cast a 7050 (Al-6.2Zn-2.3Cu-2.3Mg) wrought Al alloy to near-net shape with excellent die replication. Defects which occur with gravity casting, in particular (1) shrinkage pipe, (2) macro-porosity and (3) hot-tearing, are largely removed by squeeze casting, although regions of macro-porosity can re-appear when thick sections are fed through substantially thinner sections. Squeeze casting results in a considerable refinement of microstructure compared to gravity casting due to a marked decrease in solidification time. The decrease in solidification time is caused by intimate contact between the pressurised melt and the die, which leads to an increase in the heat transfer coefficient. Decreasing the section thickness also results in a refinement of the microstructure due to a reduction in solidification time.
__label__0, Common ground to recent studies exploiting relations between dynamical systems and nonequilibrium statistical mechanics is, so we argue, the standard Gibbs formalism applied on the level of space-time histories. The assumptions (chaoticity principle) underlying the Gallavotti–Cohen fluctuation theorem make it possible, using symbolic dynamics, to employ the theory of one-dimensional lattice spin systems. The Kurchan and Lebowitz–Spohn analysis of this fluctuation theorem for stochastic dynamics can be restated on the level of the space-time measure which is a Gibbs measure for an interaction determined by the transition probabilities. In this note we understand the fluctuation theorem as a Gibbs property, as it follows from the very definition of Gibbs state. We give a local version of the fluctuation theorem in the Gibbsian context and we derive from this a version also for some class of spatially extended stochastic dynamics.
__label__0, Numerical calculations for stress transfer between a single fibre and a surrounding three-dimensional elastic medium are presented. We study systematically the effect of fibre parameters on stress transfer between the fibre and the matrix. We pay special attention to fibres at an oblique angle with respect to the external strain, as well as to the case of a fibre breaking into two parts of equal size at the middle. According to the simulations, for a small ratio of elastic moduli of the fibre and the matrix, δ = Ef/Ebg, the largest stresses are seen near the breaking point of the fibre for the latter case. For short fibres, δ has little effect on pressure increase next to the breaking point. This is due to the fibres being shorter than the critical length. For such short fibres, the numerical results for the maximal axial stress are in agreement with a logarithmic dependence on δ.
__label__0, The effect of the atmosphere on the oxidation rates of aluminum-can alloyswas studied using thermogravimetric methods. The atmospheres included: air,Ar+1%O2, Ar+5%O2, and CO2. Temperaturesranged from 450 to 800°C. The oxidation rate was influenced by thesurface condition and by the time elapsed after specimen preparation. Increasingtemperature increased the oxidation rate of both AA 3004 and 5182. Parabolickinetics were observed for AA 3004 and linear kinetics were observed forAA 5182 at 450 and 500°C. From 550 to 800°C, parabolic behavior wasobserved for AA 5182. The reduction of free oxygen in the atmosphere reducedthe rate of oxidation. The reactivity of the atmospheres decreased in thefollowing sequence: air, Ar+5%O2, Ar+1%O2, and CO2.
__label__0, The microstructure of different Fe-Cr-Al alloys in the composition range of 0 to 18 at % Cr and 7 to 25 at % Al was investigated by transmission electron microscopy (TEM). By systematically varying the compositions, the location of the order-disorder transition was determined. Dark field images confirmed that many samples consisted of a two-phase mixture of small DO3-ordered particles in a disordered A2 matrix. The mottled contrast exhibited by some samples and sometimes taken as a proof of the existence of ordered particles is shown to be produced by an artefact due to the TEM sample preparation.
__label__0, The author interprets Goethe's novel "Die Wahlverwandtschaften" as a contribution to the discours of the Modern. Adopting theoretical and methodological assumptions worked out by Habermas, he focusses his analysis on the process of communication between the main figures of the novel. These figures, he finds, are part of an arrangement within Goethe's experiment: Whereas Charlotte refuses rationalisation and represents adhering forms of "Pseudokonsens", Hauptmann stands for a lifestyle one-sided through economic and administrative rationality. Eduard personifies an unstable modern subjectivity. Albeit being part of this framework, the development of an autonomous moral judgment and an ideal of reconciliation which is grounded in aesthetic experience (Ottilie) thus has no prospect for realisation in the modern.
__label__0, A novel ZnO-based composite material is fabricated by oxidation of Zn alloy melts, in which outward growth of the reaction products and rapid reaction kinetics are observed. Additions of Na and Bi to the Zn melts are found to be essential to increase the matrix growth rate to a practical level. Optimum reaction rates are observed for Zn-3Na-5Bi alloys oxidized at temperatures between 450 and 550°C in pure oxygen. Processing parameters, such as alloy composition and oxygen activity, also have a profound impact on the resulting microstructure and reaction kinetics. The evidences supported that the continuous outward growth of the matrix is achieved via modification of the ZnO defect structure and partial wetting of the growing oxide by the melts.
__label__0, We consider the persistence probability that a site, initially unoccupied, remains unoccupied for a long time t in reaction-diffusion systems. The models considered are bosonic, i.e., multiple occupancy of the sites is allowed and can be exactly diagonalized. The persistence shows a wide variety of time dependences depending on the model, the dimensionality, and even the initial conditions
__label__0, We define a soft-spins approach to the driven lattice gas model (C-DLG) at the level of a master equation. As a result, we obtain a Langevin equation for the C-DLG which depends on the microscopic transition probabilities. We then show how this dependence affects the critical behavior of the the C-DLG, placing the finite- and the infinite-driving-field cases into different universality classes. In the same vein, we propose a continuum description of two other well-known anisotropic, conservative, nonequilibrium models: the two-temperature model (C-TT) and the randomly driven model (C-RDLG). We show that the C-RDLG with infinite averaged field and the C-TT with T ‖=∞ fall in the same universality class as the infinitely driven C-DLG. A Langevin equation for the driven bilayer lattice gas model is also presented.
__label__0, Syndiotactic polystyrene has been oriented by uniaxially drawing at temperatures near the glass transition temperature, starting with amorphous material produced by quenching from the melt. The hot drawing process involves concurrent crystallization and orientation. Increasing crystallinity by itself does not affect the mechanical properties to any large extent. The orientation process is shown to substantially increase the strength and modulus in the draw direction. The anisotropy of mechanical properties is compared to mathematical models: the modulus using Arridge's model for oriented block copolymers, and the tensile strength using both the Hill-von Mises yield criterion and a modified fiber composite analog.
__label__0, We consider particles in ℝd, d≥2, interacting via attractive pair and repulsive four-body potentials of the Kac type. Perturbing about mean-field theory, valid when the interaction range becomes infinite, we prove rigorously the existence of a liquid–gas phase transition when the interaction range is finite but long compared to the interparticle spacing for a range of temperature.
__label__0, Surface nitridation of Alumina based composites reinforced with silicon carbide particles and/or whiskers has been studied. The composites processed by hot-pressing were post-treated by HIP process at 1650–1750°C under 150 MPa of nitrogen gas pressure. X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis indicates that Alumina and silicon carbide on the surface of the composite are converted to aluminum nitride and silicon nitride, respectively, during the post-treatment. Examinations of surface nitrided layer by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) suggest that grain size can be significantly affected by post-treatment condition. Flexure tests indicate that strength increases significantly by the post-treatment. It is discussed that the improvement of mechanical properties included two parts: one came from the densification of sample, the other came from the surface nitrided layer. Specially, the residual compressive stress plays a key role on the improvement of the flexural strength.
__label__0, We consider site percolation on Z d, directed edges going from any s∈Z d to s+A 1,..., s+A n, where A 1,..., A n are the same for all sites and at least two of them are noncollinear. A site is closed if it belongs to p+Block, where p is a point in a Poisson distribution in R d⊃Z d with a density θ and Block={s∈L: |s|≤M}+{s∈R d: |s|≤ρ}, where L is a linear subspace of R d, |·| is the Euclidean norm, ρ=max(|A 1|,..., |A n|) and M is a parameter. We study the behavior of θ*, the critical value, and P closed*, corresponding critical percentage of closed sites, when M→∞. Denote R d/L the factor space. Call two nonzero vectors U, V codirected if U=kV, where k>0. Theorem. If there are A i and A j whose projections to R d/L are not codirected, then θ*≍1/M dim(L) and P closed* remains separated both from 0 and 1 when M→∞. If projections of all A 1,..., A n to R d/L are codirected, then θ*≍1/M dim(L)+1 and P closed*≍1/M when M→∞.
__label__0, Significant progress has been made in recent years in measuring homogeneous nucleation rates in a variety of liquid–vapor and liquid–solid transitions. These studies have revealed serious shortcomings of classical nucleation theory. New theoretical work and simulation studies of simplified model systems have provided a better understanding of homogeneous nucleation, but many challenges remain. This article summarizes some recent developments, with an emphasis on the field-theoretic approach pioneered by Cahn and Hilliard in their study of nucleation in a two-component incompressible fluid in 1959.
__label__0, In this paper, we introduce situations involving the linear transformation of products (LTP). LTP situations are production situations where each producer has a single linear transformation technique. First, we approach LTP situations from a (cooperative) game theoretical point of view. We show that the corresponding LTP games are totally balanced. By extending an LTP situation to one where a producer may have more than one linear transformation technique, we derive a new characterization of (nonnegative) totally balanced games: each totally balanced game with nonnegative values is a game corresponding to such an extended LTP situation. The second approach to LTP situations is based on a more economic point of view. We relate (standard) LTP situations to economies in two ways and we prove that the economies are standard exchange economies (with production). Relations between the equilibria of these economies and the cores of cooperative LTP games are investigated.
__label__0, The beneficial effect of ion-implanted yttrium and erbium on the oxidation behavior of low-nickel austenitic stainless steel (LNiSS) at 973 K has been investigated up to 500 hr of oxidation test in air. The resulting oxide scales were examined by a wide range of experimental techniques, including SEM/EDS, XRD, and EPMA. The results indicate that both reactive elements have similar effects. The most significant effects have been to significantly reduce the corrosion rate and to improve the oxide scale adhesion. It is concluded that ion implantation is a powerful tool as surface-modification process introducing reactive elements in the top surface.
__label__0, The porosity dependence of ceramic fiber composite Young′s modulus, and especially tensile strengths, is reviewed. Though limited, data shows markedly different porosity dependencies for composite matrices derived from: (1) chemical vapor infiltration (CVI), (2) preceramic polymer pyrolysis, or (3) hot pressing of powders. CVI results in initially limited, then accelerating, rates of property decreases as porosity increases, as for typical monolithic ceramics. In contrast, hot pressing and polymer pyrolysis result in the opposite behavior, i.e., high initial then diminishing rates of property decreases. This markedly differing behavior is attributed to pores being rounded and especially away from the fiber-matrix interfaces in CVI while in hot pressing and polymer pyrolysis fiber-matrix interface, cusp/lenticularshaped pores (more difficult to remove and dominant at lower porosity levels) are more detrimental to properties, similar to grain boundary pores in monolithic ceramics. Competition between such interfacial pores and those totally in the matrix in both their elimination and the effects of those pores remaining in the processed composite is consistent with data differences and scatter. Implications for properties achievable by the above 3 types of processing, as well as for sintering of composites and possible use of porous layers at the fiber-matrix interface to limit oxidative embrittlement are noted.
__label__0, Naturally senesced needles from ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa Dougl.), grown from seed in open-top chambers under three levels of CO2 (350, 525 and 700 μl l-1) and three levels of N fertilization (0, 10 and 20 g N m-2 yr-1), were used in a field litterbag decomposition study and in a laboratory study on potential microbial and nonmicrobial N immobilization. The litterbag studies revealed no statistically significant effects of either CO2 or N treatment on mass loss, N concentration, or N content over a 26-month period. The laboratory study of potential 15N immobilization revealed no statistically significant effects of CO2 or N treatment on either total or microbial immobilization. Elevated (CO2) did have a significant negative effect on nonmicrobial immobilization, however. Natural abundance of 15N was significantly greater with elevated (CO2) in both live and naturally senesced needles under all N treatments. This pattern combined with 15N natural abundance in soils suggests that saplings grown under elevated (CO2) were either taking up more N from surface horizons or from a more recalcitrant soil N pool in either horizon.
__label__0, We analyze the Farey spin chain, a one-dimensional spin system with long-range multibody interactions. Using a polymer model technique, we show that when the temperature is decreased below the (single) critical temperature T c=1/2, the magnetization jumps from zero to one.
__label__0, The transition line of superconducting arrays of holes exhibits a rich field structure due to the interference of superconducting states nucleated at the holes edges. We studied by means of resistance measurements their effect on the T* c (H) line as a function of transverse magnetic field using regular arrays of nanofabricated micron size holes. The arrays transition fields are higher than for the bulk. Moreover we found a nontrivial field modulation of the T* c (H) line with an inversion, with increasing field, of the modulation concavity which we assigned to a crossover from a collective to an isolated edge state regime. The high field regime is well described by the nucleation at a single hole in an infinite film. The modulation at low fields was found to be dominated by the interference of neighbor edge states when the inter-hole distance w becomes comparable to the coherence length ξ(T* c ). A comparison between arrays of different hole shape shows the influence of geometry on the type of interaction established, which can described either as a superconducting wire network or as a weak link array.
__label__0, We generalize recent work on parametric resonances for nonlinear Schrödinger (NLS) type equations to the case of three dimensional Bose–Einstein condensates at zero temperatures. We show the possibility of such resonances in the three-dimensional case, using a moment method and numerical simulations.
__label__0, Last year, about 100 fundamental physics researchers met twice to develop plans for the future in this research area. The results of these meetings have been documented in a presentation package titled “A Roadmap for Fundamental Physics in Space”. A summary of the Roadmap is presented along with an overview of the current program. Research is being performed in Low Temperature and Condensed Matter Physics, Laser Cooling and Atomic Physics, and Gravitational and Relativistic Physics. There are currently over 50 investigators in the program of which 9 are being evaluated as potential flight experiments. The number of investigators is expected to grow further during the next selection cycle, planned to start toward the end of 1999. Experimentation in Space has until now been limited to short duration flights aboard the Space Shuttle. In the near future, our investigators will be able to take advantage of long duration experimentation in Space using a suite of different carriers under development. Experiments needing Low Temperatures will be performed in a liquid helium facility being developed by JPL and Ball Aerospace. This apparatus will allow multiple investigations each flight and will attach to the ISS Japanese Experiment Module's Exposed Facility. Experiments in the Laser Cooling area are developing experiments for the EXPRESS racks inside the ISS US module. Experiments in Gravitational Physics can be performed in the low temperature facility, or can be independent free flyers to fully maximize the benefits inherent in the space environment.
__label__0, The failure process of unidirectional BN-coated HI-NICALONTM SiC fiber reinforced glass matrix composites was examined under tensile loading. In situ observation of the mean matrix crack interval was conducted by the replica observation during tensile testing. Axisymmetric cylindrical models extended to the system considering the strength distribution of fibers were proposed to predict the whole stress-strain curve for comparison with the experimental results.
__label__0, A new method for measuring the amounts of oxygen consumed during theoxidation of metals was recently developed for oxidation kineticstudies. This method uses a Pt|ZrO2 (Y2O3)|Pt solid-stateoxygen pump, based on electrochemical principles, and is especially suitablefor alloy systems where oxidation rates are difficult to measure withmass-gain methods. The oxidation kinetics of pure chromium and molybdenumhave been studied using this new method. The results show that this methodhas clear advantages over the traditional thermogravimetric methods inassessing the actual oxidation rates of Cr and Mo, which form volatile oxidespecies depending on temperature and oxygen pressure.
__label__0, The effect of roman PH 2 O and flow rate on the oxidation of 304Lat 873 K in oxygen is reported. High concentrations of water vapor and highflow rates result in breakaway corrosion. The mass gain after 168 hrincreased by four to five times, compared to oxidation in dry O2. Inthe presence of H2O, the corrosion products consisted of arelatively thin (Cr,Fe)2O3 oxide plus large oxide islandsconsisting mainly of Fe2O3. A mechanism explaining theeffect of water vapor on marginal chromia formers is proposed.
__label__0, We present new point of view on the old problem, the Kramers problem. The passages from the Fokker–Planck equation to the Smoluchowski equation, including corrections to the Smoluchowski current, is treated through an asymptotic expansion of the solution of the stochastic dynamical equations. The case of an extremely weak force of friction is also discussed.
__label__0, Thermal expansion of the sodium zirconium phosphate (NZP) family of compounds A1/2M2(PO4)3 (A = Ca or Sr; M = Ti, Zr, Hf or Sn) has been measured in the temperature range 298–1273 K by high-temperature X-ray powder diffractometry. Some of the compounds in the series (calcium zirconium phosphate and calcium hafnium phosphate) display the typical thermal expansion behaviour of NZP compounds, namely expansion along the hexagonal c axis and contraction along the a axis. The other compounds, depending on their interstitial and framework composition, behave differently. The observed axial thermal expansion and contraction behaviour is explained on the basis of the crystal chemistry of the compounds. Low-expansion compounds in this series are identified and their expansion anisotropy examined. Infared spectra of the compounds are reported. Differential scanning calorimetry measurements on the tin compounds indicate the occurrence of a diffuse phase transformation at high temperatures.
__label__0, Sexual abuse involves both subtle and blatant boundary violations. The subtle violations include the projection of shame (considered in a previous issue of Pastoral Psychology) and the inappropriate use of a selfobject (considered in this article). Kaschak's description of the “Antigone Complex” and Poling's characteristics of male perpetrators augment an exploration of the dynamics of men's misuse of women as idealized selfobjects in our culture. The pastoral counseling relationship can help empower the overly idealized woman whose boundaries have thus been violated.
__label__0, We develop sufficient conditions for optimality in the generalized problem of Bolza. The basis of our approach is the dual Hamilton–Jacobi inequality leading to a new sufficient criterion for optimality in which we assume the existence of a function satisfying, together with the Hamiltonian, a certain inequality. Consequently, using this criterion, we derive new sufficient conditions for optimality of first and second order for a relative minimum.
__label__0, The formation of the semitransparent water “clouds” below the surface of superfluid He-II cooled down to 1.3 K, which transform with time to more dense “icebergs” suspended in the bulk of the experimental cell, had been observed for the first time. The water condensate was created by introducing gaseous 4He with the water vapor contamination into the cell filled with He-II. With lowering the level of He-II below the upper edge of an iceberg it could jump down the liquid due to throwing out the cold He gas from its surface. Decomposition of “dry” icebergs with initial dimensions of a few mm, which were collected at the bottom of the cell empty from He-II, on heating above 2.2 K in He gas atmosphere had resulted in a multiple (more than two orders of magnitude) decrease of their volume. So, the total content of H2O molecules in the bulk of the icebergs was less than 1020 cm−3. It can be suggested that the icebergs are composed of small water clusters with mean diameters of about 5 nm covered by a layer of solidified He, which are created in dense He vapor above the liquid. The interaction between the particles penetrated into He-II can lead to the formation of a highly porous matter (watergel) saturated with superfluid helium.
__label__0, In search of an ideal paramagnet for thermometry at very low temperatures, we have studied the magnetic behaviour of impurity moments (localized Fe3+, impurity concentration x = (180±10) ppm) dissolved in a structural borosilicate glass, in the temperature range 0.07 ≤ T ≤ 300 mK by means of dynamic ac susceptibility, and at 1.6≤T ≤ 300 K by static dc magnetization. In order to improve the thermal coupling of the insulating glass at the lowest temperatures, it was pulverized and mixed with silver powder of submicron grain size; the composite was subsequently compacted to a cylindrical sample by applying a pressure of a few kbar. This contact method which is applicable to other materials with bad thermal conductivity as well improved the accessible minimum temperature for the glass down to ≃0.1 mK. At low temperatures, we observe a Curie Weiss law for the dynamic susceptibility χ of the magnetic Fe3+ impurities in the glass down to ≈0.6 mK, a broad maximum of χ at T ≃ 0.38 mK and a decrease towards even lower temperatures. Compared to the frequently used, highly diluted metallic spin glasses, the magnetic behaviour of the glass makes inductance thermometry applicable in a much larger temperature range. In addition, we have investigated the low temperature magnetic properties of a sample of compacted silver powder. The small amount of paramagnetic impurities in the Ag particles (x = (4 ± 1) ppm) exhibits a low temperature susceptibility which can be described by the Kondo effect with an unexpectedly small Kondo temperature of T K ≃ 1 mK.
__label__0, We discuss a model based on a field-induced mixture of two odd-parity irreducible representations to explain the unusual features of H  c2(T) in the heavy fermion compound UBe13. We compare its predictions with recent pressure measurements as well as with the most prominent theoretical models which have been proposed up to now.
__label__0, We report high-resolution measurements at saturated vapor pressure of the thermal resistivity R of superfluid 4He over the reduced-temperature range 3×10−7<t≡1−T/T  λ <3×10−5 (T λ is the transition temperature for Q=0) and heat-current-density range 4<Q<200 μW/cm2. For smaller Q and t, no thermal resistance was detectable below a transition at T c(Q)<T λ. For Q≳10 μW/cm2 we find that the results can be described well by R=(t/t 0)−2.8 K cm/W with t 0=(Q/Q 0)0.904 and Q 0=393 W/cm2. Thus R has an incipient divergence at T λ which is, however, supplanted by T c(Q) where R remains finite. The results imply R∝Q (m−1) with m=3.53±0.02. This differs from the original assumption m=3 of Gorter and Mellink, and from experimental results obtained well below T λ. However, it agrees with measurements by Leiderer and Pobell at larger currents and further below but still close to T λ. Our measurements could not resolve a critical heat current for the onset of resistance.
__label__0, An effective two-dimensional dynamic interaction is developed which incorporates screening of electrons by plasmons and by optical phonons to discuss the nature of the pairing mechanism leading to superconductivity in layered electron doped cuprates. The system is treated as an ionic solid containing layers of electrons as carriers and a model dielectric function is set up which fulfils the appropriate sum rules on the electronic and ionic polarizabilities. Estimate of the Coulomb pseudo-potential (μ*=0.24), describing the screening effects on superconductivity is due to reduced electron density and large value of the optical dielectric constant as well the effective mass of electrons. The electron–phonon coupling constant (λ) is evaluated as 1.5 which infers strong strength of coupling. Following strong coupling theory, the superconducting transition temperature of optimally doped Nd–Ce–CuO is estimated as 30 K and the energy gap ratio is larger than the BCS value. The isotope exponent, coherence length and magnetic penetration depth are also estimated. The implications of the model and its analysis are discussed.
__label__0, A series of new compounds with a formula RE2M2/3Nb4/3O7 (RE = Nd, Sm, Eu; M = Cu, Co, Zn) have been synthesized by a wet chemical method and the lattice parameters of the compounds have also been determined. The new compounds possess a pyrochlore structure and belong to hexagonal system. Most of the compounds have a certain catalytic activity for the oxidation reaction of carbon monoxide and propylene. The conversion efficiency of carbon monoxide and propylene on the surface of some compounds can be close to 100% at near 450°C. The compounds are insulator and the resistibility also is larger than 105 ohm · cm even if at 500°C. The compounds are a new kind of oxidation catalysts. The catalytic oxidation process of carbon monoxide and propylene on the surface of the compounds involves the oxidation-reduction of the cations in the compound and the catalytic process is a co-catalytic one. The effects of various metal cations in the compounds on the catalytic activity for the oxidation of carbon monoxide and propylene have been discussed.
__label__0, Coulomb blockade is observed in semiconductor quantum dotsfabricated by scanning probe lithography. We demonstrate thatby combining top gates with in-plane gates, the lithographicshape of a dot can be transferred into the electron gas withhigh accuracy. Furthermore, by applying voltages to the in-plane gates, the number of electrons on the dot can be changedby more than 70 without changing its shape. Transportmeasurements in high magnetic fields and with positive topgate voltages applied indicate that the potential walls of thenanostructure can be made very steep.
__label__0, A review is presented of the current research and development of shape-memory materials, including shape-memory alloys, shape-memory ceramics and shape-memory polymers. The shape-memory materials exhibit some novel performances, such as sensoring (thermal, stress or field), large-stroke actuation, high damping, adaptive responses, shape memory and superelasticity capability, which can be utilized in various engineering approaches to smart systems. Based on an extensive literature survey, the various shape-memory materials are outlined, with special attention to the recently developed or emerged materials. The basic phenomena in the materials, that is, the stimulus-induced phase transformations which result in the unique performance and govern the remarkable changes in properties of the materials, are systematically lineated. The remaining technical barriers, and the challenges to improve the present materials system and develop a new shape memory materials are discussed.
__label__0, Laser surface alloying of iron substrate with copper under different processing conditions has been systematically studied. The microstructural analysis reveals a predominantly cellular microstructure with copper wetting the cell boundaries. Globular distribution of copper at higher laser scanning speeds can be observed occasionally indicating the system under these conditions to be near the metastable miscibility gap. The concentration of copper in the pool is related to the laser scanning speed. In all cases a banded morphology indicating unsteady growth towards the bottom of the alloyed zone is observed. The hardness of the alloyed zone is significantly higher and is attributed to work hardening due to differential thermal contraction of the two phases in the alloyed zone.
__label__0, A class of simulated annealing algorithms for continuous global optimization is considered in this paper. The global convergence property is analyzed with respect to the objective value sequence and the minimum objective value sequence induced by simulated annealing algorithms. The convergence analysis provides the appropriate conditions on both the generation probability density function and the temperature updating function. Different forms of temperature updating functions are obtained with respect to different kinds of generation probability density functions, leading to different types of simulated annealing algorithms which all guarantee the convergence to the global optimum.
__label__0, The magnetocrystalline anisotropy and the spin reorientation of Sm1−xDyxFe10.5Mo1.5 were investigated in detail. At room temperature, all Sm1−xDyxFe10.5Mo1.5 alloys possess easy c-axis anisotropy and the magnetocrystalline anisotropy field decreases with increasing Dy concentration. However, at low temperature, a spin reorientation transition of axis-to-cone type was observed in the Sm1−xDyxFe10.5Mo1.5 alloys with x ≥ 0.8. The spin reorientation temperatures increase with increasing Dy concentration in the Sm1−xDyxFe10.5Mo1.5 alloys.
__label__0, The low cycle fatigue (LCF) resistance of two different 6061 Al/20 vol% alumina particulate metal matrix composites (MMCs) in a peaked-aged condition has been evaluated under fully reversed strain control testing. Test results were combined with scanning electron and optical microscopy investigations to determine the effects of reinforcement particles and strain amplitude on the LCF behaviour of these MMCs. Both materials show three stages of response to LCF: initial fast hardening or softening in the first few cycles; gradual softening for most of the fatigue life; and a rapid drop in the stress carrying capability prior to failure. Both MMCs exhibit short LCF life which follows a Coffin-Manson relationship. All tested specimens demonstrate ductile fracture morphology at final failure. The experimental results are discussed in respect of strain amplitude, matrix composition and reinforcement shape and crack initiation.
__label__0, Using administrative data as validating standard, we studied the combined effects of two sources of survey error – nonresponse and recall errors – on distributional and substantive bias in a mail survey of absence because of illness among the employees of a Dutch road building company (response rate 77%). No distributional bias was found in five socio-demographic variables (sex, age, years of service, function, and district), but both nonresponse bias and recall bias occurred in our central dependent variables: frequency and duration of absence because of illness. Nonrespondents were on sick leave more frequently and longer than respondents. Furthermore, the self-reports of absence because of illness of our respondents proved to be rather inaccurate. Underreporting of frequency and duration of sick leave was more common than overreporting. Therefore, both sources of error had a cumulative effect.While nonresponse did not result in biased relationships, recall errors had clearly biasing consequences: seven out of 30 correlation coefficients analyzed were too biased to produce valid outcomes; another six were substantially biased. Multiple regression used for predicting recent absence because of illness among our respondents also led to different outcomes depending on the choice of data source (administration or questionnaire) for our absence variables.
__label__0, When PVDF is crystallized at temperatures above 155°C it presents a multiform morphology composed of ringed, non ringed and mixed spherulites. Infrared spectroscopy showed that the ringed spherulites are formed exclusively by the α phase when crystallization takes place at temperatures below 155°C. Higher temperatures induce a solid-state α → γ phase transformation in these structures, increasing the amount of γ phase with crystallization time. The rate at which this transformation takes place increases with crystallization temperature. The non ringed spherulites, only formed at crystallization temperatures above 155°C, consist predominantly of the γ phase, crystallized from the melt, with small α phase inclusions. The melt process of the different spherulites, observed by optical microscopy and calorimetric measurements (DSC) showed that the melt temperature of the γ phase, originated from the phase transition, is 8°C higher than that crystallized directly from the melt. Optical micrographs of samples heated up to 186°C and quickly cooled allowed visualization of the ringed spherulite regions which underwent the α → γ phase transformation at different crystallization times and temperatures.
__label__0, Mode II delamination phenomena of woven fabric carbon/epoxy composites were investigated by scanning electron microscopy. End notch flexural (ENF) test was used to examine the mode II delamination. Woven fabric composites showed two peculiar crack propagation patterns due to the complexity of woven geometry. In warp yarn region, crack propagated with forming a shear band and breaking the fiber/matrix interface. In fill yarn region, however, no shear band was observed. Considering these crack patterns, matrix shear property and fiber/matrix interfacial strength played an important role in enhancing the delamination properties of woven fabric carbon/epoxy composites. Due to the woven geometry, matrix rich positions, which are interstitial and undulated region, were formed in woven carbon/epoxy composite. In these regions, matrix fracture and complex crack path were mainly observed.
__label__0, In situ experiments on the Co/SiC interface reaction were carried out with a high temperature X-ray diffractometer capable of measuring the X-ray diffraction pattern in 1–4s using an imaging plate. The kinetic formation processes of the interface reaction layer were measured in short-period exposure experiments with the apparatus. The time-temperature phase diagram of Co/SiC in N2was determined. Co2Si and CoSi were formed at the Co/SiC interface between 921 and 1573 K in N2. The formation of CoSi obeyed the parabolic rate law. The value of the activation energy was 95 kJ/mol. The results of thermal expansion coefficient measurements suggest that when a sample is cooled to room temperature, compressive strain caused by CoSi occurs on SiC.
__label__0, The so-called “biometric-Mendelian controversy” has received much attention from science studies scholars. This paper focuses on one scientist involved in this debate, Arthur Dukinfield Darbishire, who performed a series of hybridization experiments with mice beginning in 1901. Previous historical work on Darbishire’s experiments and his later attempt to reconcile Mendelian and biometric views describe Darbishire as eventually being “converted”' to Mendelism. I provide a new analysis of this episode in the context of Darbishire’s experimental results, his underlying epistemology, and his influence on the broader debate surrounding the rediscovery and acceptance of Mendelism. Iinvestigate various historiographical issues raised by this episode in order to reflect on the idea of “conversion” to a scientific theory. Darbishire was an influential figure who resisted strong forces compelling him to convert prematurely due to his requirements that the new theory account for particularly important anomalous facts and answer the most pressing questions in the field.
__label__0, The surface flux of nitric oxide from a wheat field was investigated from 23 March to 29 May 1997 in the Kerzersmoos, Switzerland. A plot fertilised with 19 kg N ha-1 in cattle slurry and 40 kg N ha-1 in mineral NH4NO3 fertiliser and a plot receiving no nitrogen containing fertiliser were compared. The flux was calculated based on hourly measurements of the NO soil–atmosphere concentration gradient using the one-dimensional soil diffusion model of Galbally and Johansson (1989). The soil bulk diffusion coefficient was determined from measurements of the 222Rn surface flux and the activity gradient between 10 cm depth and the surface. It ranged between 79% and 0.3% of the NO diffusion coefficient in air and was parameterised by air filled soil pore space. The indirectly determined NO flux agreed well with standard flux measurements using dynamic chambers. The largest NO emission was found following fertiliser application and irrigation. The emission occurred in pulses, which lasted for 4 days up to 3 weeks coinciding with elevated soil ammonium concentrations. Nitric oxide emission in 5 days following application of cattle slurry were 31 g NO-N ha-1 and 5 g NO-N ha-1 from the non-fertilised plot, respectively. Nitric oxide emission in 15 days following application of NH4NO3 was 95 g NO-N ha-1 and 10 g NO-N ha-1 from the non-fertilised plot, respectively. NO emission in 4 days following irrigation on 21 April were 36 g N ha-1 from the fertilised and 39 g N ha-1 from the non-fertilised plot. The daily NO emission before and after fertiliser and irrigation pulses was between 0.3 and 0.7 g NO-N ha-1 d-1. NO production and NO uptake of the soil was measured regularly. No systematic influence of management or climate on NO uptake was found. NO production was strongly stimulated by fertiliser input and soil moisture content. The simulation of NO production could be reproduced using a nitrification algorithm (Riedo et al., 1998) driven by soil temperature, moisture and ammonium concentration. A NO production rate constant of 1.1ċ10-3 h-1 at 15 °C was derived from a linear regression between nitrification and NO production. Introducing the parameterisation of NO production into the model of Galbally and Johansson (1989) the duration and the strength of the NO emission pulses could be reproduced and the total NO emission during the experiment was approximated within a factor of two.
__label__0, The aim of the present study was to investigate the causes of increased macronutrient concentrations in above-ground post-fire regrowth in an East African savanna (Northern Tanzania). Experiments were set up to discriminate between the following possible causes: (1) increased soil nutrient supply after fire, (2) relocation of nutrients from the roots to the new shoots, (3) rejuvenation and related changes in plant tissue composition and (4) changes in nutrient uptake in relation to above-ground carbon gains. N, P, K, Ca and Mg concentrations in post-burn graminoid vegetation were compared with clipped and with unburned, control vegetation during the post-burn growth season. One month after burning and clipping, nutrient concentrations in live grass shoots in the burned and clipped treatments were significantly higher than in the control. This effect, however, declined in the course of the season and, except for Ca, disappeared three months after onset of the treatments. There were no significant differences in live grass shoot nutrient concentrations between burned and clipped treatments which suggests that the increased nutrient concentration in post-fire regrowth is not due to increased soil nutrient supply via ash deposition. The relatively low input of nutrients through ash deposition, compared to the amount of nutrients released through mineralisation during the first month after burning and to the total nutrient pools, supports this suggestion. There was no difference between burned and unburned vegetation in total root biomass and root nutrient concentrations. Relocation of nutrients from the roots to the new shoots did not, therefore, appear to be a cause of higher post-fire shoot nutrient concentrations. The present study shows that in this relatively nutrient-rich savanna, the increased nutrient concentration in above-ground post-fire regrowth is primarily due to increased leaf:stem ratios, rejuvenation of plant material and the distribution of a similar amount of nutrients over less above-ground biomass.
__label__0, In this paper we use the term 'physical tensor' to stand for a tensor that belongs to a tensor subspace. Based on the relationship among the characters of rotation representation, some techniques are developed in order to give the numbers of independent deviatoric tensors contained in the irreducible decompositions of physical tensors, even prior to the constructions of the irreducible decompositions. A number of examples are shown and many of them are new results.
__label__0, The residual stress distribution in polycrystalline ceramics with thermal expansion anisotropy and misfitting intragranular dispersion is studied through micromechanical simulation. The effective grain boundary strength under remote tension is derived from the stability of a grain-boundary microcrack with thermal elastic residual stresses. This result is then applied to the strength and fracture properties of a two-phase nanocomposite (5 vol% SiC-Al2O3). The residual stresses from misfitting dispersion increase the effective grain boundary strength of the nanocomposite from 1.5 to 5 times more than that of the single-phase polycrystal, depending on the grain size of the matrix phase. The residual stresses reduce the instability range of microcrack precursors at grain junctions and increase the initial level of driving force for critical microcrack extension. Predicted strengthening of grain boundaries leads, in turn, to the superior inert strength of unnotched nanocomposite.
__label__0, This paper develops a probabilistic clustering model for mixeddata. The model allows analysis of variables of mixed type: thevariables may be nominal, ordinal and/or quantitative. The modelcontains the well-known models of latent class analysis as submodels.As in latent class analysis, local independence of the variables isassumed. The parameters of the model are estimated by the EMalgorithm. Test statistics and goodness-of-fit measures are proposedfor model selection. Two artificial data sets show the usefulness ofthese tests. An empirical example completes the presentation.
__label__0, Thirteenth-century French courtly narratives are often described as "generic hybrids" because of their extensive play with generic norms. Courtly romance's engagement with generic, discursive and thematic paradigms elaborated in the Old French lyric, in particular, is discernible in the numerous romans featuring "lyric insertions" (romances where pre-existing or new lyric songs are inserted in the narrative frame).The Roman du Castelain de Couci, examined here, provides an especially interesting and, it is argued, metadiscursive example, since its narrator presents itself as a biographer avant la lettre, recounting the (romanced) story of an authentic twelfth-century trouvère, the Châtelain de Coucy. The songs are inserted at important points of the trouvère's tragic love affair, thus revealing the circumstances of their creation. This article first considers the narrator's self-presentation in the prologue, as well as the shifting meanings of lyric signifiers in the narrative context, in order to illuminate the complex intertextual relationship of this roman to the trouvère's song. Various episodes of the story are then analyzed, all pointing to an elegiac encoding of the loss of lyric solipsistic discourse. Framing these observations in a psychoanalytic conceptualization of mourning, the article concludes by positing melancholia as the symbolic process at the basis of romance's renewed generic and discursive "identity".
__label__0, CuCr alloys with varying Cr content were sputter deposited on polyimide films, and the metal/polyimide films were maintained under 350°C/N2 environment up to 10 hours for the reliability measurements. The Cr contents of the alloy layer prepared were 0, 8.5, 17, 25, 34, and 100 atomic %, respectively. Before exposures to 350°C, the peel strength increased proportionally with the Cr content in the alloy layer up to 17 atomic % and saturated. The failure occurred inside polyimide near the metal/polyimide interface by the cohesive failure mode except for the specimen with no Cr. After exposures to 350°C, the peel strength dropped for all the specimens, but most drastically for the specimens with 8.5% Cr which failed along the Cr-oxide/polyimide interface by the interfacial failure mode. Through AES and XPS analyses, it was shown that the decrease of the peel strength during the heat treatment was primarily caused by the formation of brittle Cr2O3 at the metal/polyimide interface, which was accompanied by the reduction of carbidic bonds responsible for the good adhesion.
__label__0, The effects of nitrogen (N) fertilisation and elevated [CO2] on lipid biosynthesis and carbon isotope discrimination in birch (Betula pendula Roth.) transplants were evaluated using seedlings grown with and without N fertiliser, and under two concentrations of atmospheric CO2 (ambient and ambient+250 μmol mol-1) in solar dome systems. N fertilisation decreased n-fatty acid chain length (18:0/16:0) and the ratios of α-linolenate (18:2)/linoleate (18:1), whereas elevated [CO2] showed little effect on n-fatty acid chain length, but decreased the unsaturation (18:2+18:1)/18:0. Both N fertilisation and elevated [CO2] increased the quantity of leaf wax n-alkanes, whilst reducing that of n-alkanols by 20–50%, but had no simple response in fatty acid concentrations. 13C enrichment by 1–2.5‰ under N fertilisation was observed, and can be attributed to both reduced leaf conductance and increased photosynthetic consumption of CO2. Individual n-alkyl lipids of different chain length show consistent pattern of δ13C values within each homologue, but are in general 5–8‰ more depleted in 13C than the bulk tissues. Niether nitrogen fertilisation and elevated CO2 influenced the relationship between carbon isotope discrimination of the bulk tissue and the individual lipids.
__label__0, Both corrosion and abrasive corrosion behavior of plama-nitrided type 304 and 410 stainless steels and 4140 low alloy steel were investigated in 3% NaCl solution (pH = 6.8) by electrochemical corrosion measurements. Surface morphology and alloying elements after corrosion and abrasion corrosion tests were examined by scanning electron microscopy and energy dispersive analysis of X-rays. The results indicated that the plasma-nitrided SAE 4140 steel containing ∈-(Fe,Cr)2 − 3N and γ′-(Fe,Cr)4N surface nitrides which produce a thick and dense protective layer exhibited a significant decrease of corrosion currents by inhibition of the anodic dissolution of iron, whereas the plasma-nitrided type 304 and 410 stainless steels containing the segregation of chromium nitride CrN exhibited a extensive pitting corrosion by acceleration of the anodic dissolution of iron. It is concluded that the susceptibility to pitting is consistent with the degree of chromium segregation, and decreases as follows: 304 stainless steel > 410 stainless steel > 4140 steel. Also, the results of abrasive corrosion testing for the plasma-nitrided alloys are strongly related to the subtleties of the nitrided microstructures resulting in a pitting and spalling type of abrasive corrosion of type 304 and 410 stainless steels, and excellent abrasive corrosion resistance for SAE 4140 steel.
__label__0, Combined equilibrium and non-equilibrium grain boundary segregation of solute atoms in dilute ternary alloys is modelled through consideration of site competition between two solutes. Model predictions are made for a low-alloy steel containing boron. The predicted results indicate that the kinetics of phosphorus segregation are dramatically facilitated by quenched-in vacancies, and the magnitude of the segregation, however, is substantially suppressed by the competition of boron with phosphorus for segregation sites, and in turn the phosphorus-induced embrittlement may be alleviated.
__label__0, The size effect in low-load hardness testing is analyzed theoretically using an energy-balance approach. A new semi-empirical equation is proposed to correlate the hardness test load and the resulting indentation size. The validity of this new equation is verified by analyzing the previously reported experimental data. It is found that the value of true hardness of material estimated with this new equation is independent of the indentor geometry as well as indentation size.
__label__0, The effects of aging temperature on the microstructure and mechanical properties of a newly designed martensitic precipitation hardening stainless steel, which is 1.8Cu-15.9Cr-7.3Ni-1.2Mo-low C, N steel, for improving the toughness, ductility and corrosion resistance of stainless steel of 1000 MPa grade tensile strength were experimentally investigated. The specimen aged at 753 K for 14.4 ks has a typical lath martensitic structure with about 12% interlath austenite, while the specimens aged at 813 K and 853 K for 14.4 ks have the lamellar duplex microstructure of the reverted austenite and the aging hardened martensite. The formation process of reverted austenite is controlled by diffusion of Ni in martensite. The mean size of precipitates which are enriched with Cu increases with rising aging temperature, however, it is about 30 nm even after aging at 853 K for 14.4 ks. The specimens aged at 813 K and 853 K for 14.4 ks, in which the reversion of martensite to austenite is observed, have the excellent combinations of strength, ductility and toughness.
__label__0, The shifts of Ca2+, K+ and proton homeostasis of wheat (Triticum aestivum L. M. cv Ljuba) root cells induced by the Ca2+-ionophore A23187 caused different responses, depending on the time of exposure to the ionophore. Oxygen consumption and heat production by roots were increased when the Ca2+-specific effect of A23187 was expressed. Ultrastructural re-organization of cell organelles was found to follow the ion shifts. The endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus and mitochondria rearranged their membranes following treatment. The increased ion permeability of root cell membranes is proposed to cause an excessive energy expenditure for the restoration of ion homeostasis.
__label__0, We investigated the structure of BDN(bis(4-diethylaminodithiobenzil) Nickel)-SOH(Stearyl alcohol) Langmuir-Blodgett films using small angle X-ray diffraction and polarized FTIR spectroscopy. The results show that the microcrystal domains formed on the surface of LB film resemble a well-laminated periodic structure with a molecular spacing of 2.56 nm. Meanwhile, the tilted angles of the molecules of SOH and BDN are about 30°, referring to the normal direction of the sample surface, as determined by our XRD and FTIR studies.
__label__0, In his preface the Le Berger extravagant (1627–1628), published in 1633 as L'Anti-Roman, Charles Sorel explains that he is working for the public good by composing a text that mocks all others and that is, as a result, the "tombeau des romans, & des absurditez de la Poësie." Sorel's statement of the "otherness" of his text is complicated the fact that the Anti-Roman is more or less a studied duplication of the very texts it criticizes. In this article, I examine the role of pleasure in the ambivalent dynamic between roman and anti-roman. Using Barthes's notions of pleasure and jouissance as a framework for the study, I consider the implications of Sorel's attempts to seduce the reader into his text by imitating the conventional novel's perceived use of pleasure as a mask for vice. The double-layered nature of the narration poses particular challenges for interpretation because meaning becomes suspended in the murky space between "same" and "other," between novel and anti-novel. Furthermore, the semantic ambiguities of this game of seduction confounds body and text to such a degree that the author's own identity becomes lost itself in the imitative disguises he adopts. He becomes, like his text, multilayered, polysemous, uncertain.
__label__0, In this paper nonlocal quasi-hydrodynamic mathematical models describing non-equilibrium physical processes in semiconductor devices are considered. These processes cannot be adequately described with conventional drift-diffusion models. The primary numerical difficulty arises in the energy balance equation. Details of the discretisation for the continuity equations will be described along with a transformation of the energy balance equations to give computationally convenient forms. Effective exponential difference schemes are constructed and applied to modelling transport phenomena in semiconductors. Stability conditions, computational convergence and algorithmic realisations of the proposed schemes are discussed and numerical examples are given.
__label__0, Mechanical spectroscopy measurements were performed in commercial grain oriented silicon steel to study the outstanding features of modulus and damping spectrum. A relation between the features of the damping and modulus behaviour with the grain boundaries characteristics will be established. It should be pointed out that the elastic modulus shows an anomalous step at around 800 K. The physical mechanism involved in this process will be studied. A cooperative mechanism involving dislocations will be proposed. Besides this, the magnetic characterization of the samples also will be determined.
__label__0, This essay gives attention to three novels that can be read as exercises in fictional transformation: T. H. White's The Master, an ironic version of Shakespeare's Tempest; Mistress Masham's Repose, a retelling turned Bildungsroman of Jonathan Swift's Lilliput story; and The Elephant and the Kangaroo, a new, Irish version of the Old Testament story of the Flood. Though Mistress Masham's Repose was chosen by the Book of the Month Club in 1946, not one of the three approached the immense popular success of White's Arthurian tetralogy. All three novels can, nevertheless, be read as demonstrations of narrative skills White learned to use as he lived and wrote and came to terms, at least to some degree, with life in the mid-twentieth century.
__label__0, High density polyethylene (HDPE) was added to the polypropylene (PP)/ethylene-propylene diene terpolymer (EPDM) binary blend, and the effect of testing temperatures on the modulus of elasticity, impact behavior and corresponding fracture morphology was analyzed. Modulus of elasticity generally decreased as the EPDM content increased regardless of the testing temperatures. However, it was found that the modulus of elasticity of PP/EPDM/HDPE ternary blend increased compared to PP/EPDM binary blend when tested at −30 and −60 °C. Notched Izod impact strength changed depending on the testing temperatures, however, there was not much difference between binary and ternary blends up to 20 wt% EPDM. However, at more than 30 wt% EPDM content, ternary blends showed higher impact strength compared to binary blends. Especially, at −30 °C, brittle-ductile transition was observed between 20 and 30 wt% EPDM. Subsurface morphology was also analyzed, and the relationship between the impact strength and the stress whitening zone was investigated. Scanning electron microscopy observation of impact fractured surfaces was conducted, and overall morphology was analyzed with respect to HDPE addition and testing temperature change.
__label__0, Almost all the links in the etymological chain of English paparazzo are clear: this word comes from Italian paparazzo, which is a commonization of Paparazzo, which is the name borne by one of the characters in Federico Fellini's film La Dolce Vita.The only remaining question is how Fellini chose the name Paparazzo. So far as the author can determine, Fellini, who died in 1993, never went on record in that regard. Others, however, have offered four explanations. This article presents them but reaches no conclusion about which, if any, is the right one.
__label__0, A convergent route to a variety of C-1-disaccharide glycals based on the olefin metathesis reaction of enol ethers and alkenes is described. The DCC-mediated coupling reaction of a variety of pentose enitols (1a−c) with a number of C-5- and C-6-monosaccharide carboxylic acids (2a−e) gave the corresponding esters 3a−l in good yield. Methylenation of these compounds was followed by ring-closing metathesis, mediated by the Schrock molybdenum catalyst 8 in warm toluene, to provide the target C-disaccharide glycals 5a−l. The formed enol ether double bond in 5a was then transformed, via standard manipulations, into a variety of C-disaccharide derivatives 21−25.
__label__0, In this work, monodispersed pharmaceutical colloidal spheres of atorvastatin calcium (AC) with tunable sizes have been synthesized in a microfluidic system at continuous flow conditions. The influences of the key parameters, including the concentration of the AC methanol solution, the overall flow rate, the flow rate of isopropanol, and the flow rate of the AC methanol solution on particle size and size distribution were discussed. The results indicated that the drug concentration and the flow rate could efficiently control the particle size and improve the polydispersity of the resulting particles. The particle size decreased from 760 to 300 nm with an increase in the AC concentration from 30 to 60 mg/mL and significantly increased from 430 to 2500 nm with an increase in the flow rate of the AC methanol solution from 2.7 to 16 mL/min. However, with the increase of the overall flow rate at a fixed flow ratio of 10, the particle size slightly decreased from 240 (10/1 mL/min) to 210 nm (30/3 mL/min) and then dramatically increased to 680 nm (80/8 mL/min). Also, the particle size first decreased and then increased with an increase in the flow rate of isopropanol. The prepared AC colloidal spheres were amorphous and displayed enhanced dissolution rate compared with the commercial AC. This work shows that the continuous synthesis in a microfluidic reactor is a simple and economic way to prepare monodispersed pharmaceutical colloidal particles or nanoparticles with tunable sizes.
__label__0, In this study, new side chain liquid crystalline copolymers were prepared from N-vinyl carbazole (NVC) and 2-(Dimethylamino)ethyl methacrylate) (DMAEM) as a hydrogen bond acceptor copolymer and 8-(4-cyanobiphenyl-4′-oxy)octan-1-ol (LC8) by molecular self-assembly processes via hydrogen bond formation between nitrogen of (DMAEM) and hydroxyl group of the LC8. The formation of H bond was confirmed by using FTIR spectroscopy. The liquid crystalline behavior of the copolymers and homopolymer of the (DMAEM) was investigated using a differential scanning calorimeter (DSC) and polarized optical microscopy. The dielectric relaxation properties of H-bonded Side Chain LC Copolymers (HB-LCP) doped 8-(4-cyanobiphenyl-4′-oxy)octan-1-ol (LC8) and pure LC8 liquid crystals have been investigated by the dielectric spectroscopy (DS) method. The dielectric behavior of the LCs shows a dielectric relaxation process. The relaxation frequency of the LCs was changed by the addition of HB-PLC. It is evaluated that the dielectric strength and relaxation properties of LC8 and LC8/HB-PLC LCs can be controlled by 1% HB-PLC dopant.
__label__0, The precipitation behavior of the magnesium alloy WE43 (Mg–4%Y–2.3%Nd–0.5%Zr) has been studied in strained and unstrained conditions using Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM). Ageing treatments were carried out at three temperatures, namely 210 °C, 230 °C and 260 °C. The precipitation sequence during static aging of solution treated (ST) samples has been identified as ST → β″ → β′ followed by the formation of β1 and equilibrium β precipitates form after very long ageing periods. Dynamic precipitation was observed during high temperature deformation, leading to the formation of β′ and intermediate β1 precipitates. The strained samples, when further heat treated, resulted in the transformation of β1 into β equilibrium precipitates. The sequence of dynamic precipitation is ST → β1 → β and ST → β′.
__label__0, In this chapter we describe automated imaging methods used to measure the transport of an established membrane transport marker from the endoplasmic reticulum to the plasma membrane. The method is fast and significantly robust to be applied in systematic studies on a large scale such as genome‐wide screening projects. We further describe the use of software macros and plugins in Image J that allow the quantification of the kinetics of membrane transport intermediates in fluorescence microscopy time‐lapse sequences.
__label__0, Benzimidazole derivatives act by interfering with metabolic pathways. Parbendazole has been shown to exhibit a broad-spectrum Anthelmintic activity. This compound is the most potent of a series of substituted 2-amino derivatives and is active against a wide variety of animal nematodes. The drug showed marked activity against third stage larvae that were located in the muscular tissue. It inhibits monoamine oxidase in animal nematodes. The drug was used with good effects against the common parasites of cattles, pigs, and horses. It acts quickly reaching peak blood levels 6-8h after administration. Its use in pregnant animals is contraindicated because of its teratogenicity; the defects are largely skeletal. Like other benzimidazoles, it suffers from the problem of resistance developing in the resident worm population if it is used persistently. The mode of action is not clearly delineated, but the following effects on the parasite, such as degeneration of microtubules, inhibition of glucose transport and uptake, interference with energy production, inhibition of fumarate reductase, ovicidal, cytoplasmic microtubules disappear in tegumentary and intestinal cells, secretory processes are discussed in this chapter. The toxicity of parbendazole in different doses was investigated with a group of animals. The side effects observed with the Anthelmintic were laxation (soft dung, diarrhea), anorexia, and listlessness.
__label__0, The present article develops quantitative behavioral and neurophysiological predictions for rabbits trained on an air-puff version of the trace-interval classical conditioning paradigm. Using a minimal hippocampal model, consisting of 8,000 primary cells sparsely and randomly interconnected as a model of hippocampal region CA-3, the simulations identify conditions which produce a clear split in the number of trials individual animals should need to learn a criterion response. A trace interval that is difficult to learn, but still learnable by half the experimental population, produces a bimodal population of learners: an early learner group and a late learner group. The model predicts that late learners are characterized by two kinds of CA-3 neuronal activity fluctuations that are not seen in the early learners. As is typical in our minimal hippocampal models, the off-rate constant of the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor receptor gives a timescale to the model that leads to a temporally quantifiable behavior, the learnable trace interval.
__label__0, A group of 7,8-(methylenedioxy)-1-phenyl-3,5-dihydro-4H-2,3-benzodiazepin-4-ones was synthesized and assayed for antagonism of rat brain α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid (AMPA) receptors expressed in Xenopus oocytes. The benzodiazepinones inhibited AMPA-activated membrane current responses in a manner consistent with noncompetitive, allosteric inhibition of the receptor−channel complex. The most potent compound in the series was 1-(4-aminophenyl)-7,8-(methylenedioxy)-3,5-dihydro-4H-2,3-benzodiazepin-4-one (6), which had an IC50 of 2.7 μM. For comparison, the reference compound GYKI 52466 (2) had an IC50 of 6.9 μM. Compound 6 also had potent anticonvulsant activity in a mouse maximum electroshock-induced seizure (MES) assay:  the ED50 was 2.8 mg/kg iv, whereas the ED50 for GYKI 52466 was 4.6 mg/kg iv. In contrast to a previous report, the 7,8-dimethoxy analogue of 6 was a low-potency AMPA antagonist (IC50 >100 μM) and weak anticonvulsant (ED50 >10 mg/kg iv). The benzodiazepinones described herein are potent noncompetitive AMPA receptor antagonists that could have therapeutic potential as anticonvulsants and neuroprotectants.
__label__0, A detailed comparison is made of several local-composition lattice models. The models considered include several popular activity coefficient models:  the Wilson equation, Guggenheim's quasi-chemical theory (GQC), the nonrandom two-liquid theory (NRTL), and the universal quasi-chemical (UNIQUAC) theory. Also considered are three recently developed lattice models:  the Born−Green−Yvon (BGY) model, the nonrandom surface fraction (NRSF) model, and the Aranovich−Donohue (AD) model. Similarities and differences in the assumptions regarding the local compositions are examined. Detailed comparisons are made for both symmetric and asymmetric monomer mixtures as well as for polymer/solvent mixtures with Monte Carlo simulations.
__label__0, Background:                       Diabetes is presently classified into two main forms, type 1 and type 2 diabetes, but type 2 diabetes in particular is highly heterogeneous. A refined classification could provide a powerful tool to individualise treatment regimens and identify individuals with increased risk of complications at diagnosis.                  Methods:                       We did data-driven cluster analysis (k-means and hierarchical clustering) in patients with newly diagnosed diabetes (n=8980) from the Swedish All New Diabetics in Scania cohort. Clusters were based on six variables (glutamate decarboxylase antibodies, age at diagnosis, BMI, HbA1c, and homoeostatic model assessment 2 estimates of β-cell function and insulin resistance), and were related to prospective data from patient records on development of complications and prescription of medication. Replication was done in three independent cohorts: the Scania Diabetes Registry (n=1466), All New Diabetics in Uppsala (n=844), and Diabetes Registry Vaasa (n=3485). Cox regression and logistic regression were used to compare time to medication, time to reaching the treatment goal, and risk of diabetic complications and genetic associations.                  Findings:                       We identified five replicable clusters of patients with diabetes, which had significantly different patient characteristics and risk of diabetic complications. In particular, individuals in cluster 3 (most resistant to insulin) had significantly higher risk of diabetic kidney disease than individuals in clusters 4 and 5, but had been prescribed similar diabetes treatment. Cluster 2 (insulin deficient) had the highest risk of retinopathy. In support of the clustering, genetic associations in the clusters differed from those seen in traditional type 2 diabetes.                  Interpretation:                       We stratified patients into five subgroups with differing disease progression and risk of diabetic complications. This new substratification might eventually help to tailor and target early treatment to patients who would benefit most, thereby representing a first step towards precision medicine in diabetes.                  Funding:                       Swedish Research Council, European Research Council, Vinnova, Academy of Finland, Novo Nordisk Foundation, Scania University Hospital, Sigrid Juselius Foundation, Innovative Medicines Initiative 2 Joint Undertaking, Vasa Hospital district, Jakobstadsnejden Heart Foundation, Folkhälsan Research Foundation, Ollqvist Foundation, and Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research.
__label__0, Using Simon's concept of nested hierarchies, this paper advances a new synthesis for understanding how and why the discontinuous change processes of punctuated equilibrium may occur in socio-economic settings. A key concept is the nested, multi-level organization of ‘deep structure’, the order in a system. This includes culture, technology, operating routines, control systems, organizational structure, resources and distributions of power. Using a modified evolutionary process, change is triggered when a disturbance disconfigures one or more levels of the system's deep structure. New variations of deep structure, constrained by more fundamental levels, emerge as deep structure reconfigures. The variations are sorted through competitive selection and other non-competitive processes. The variations are retained as part of the reconfigured deep structure. The concept of a nested, multi-level deep structure explains a continuum of change. Incremental change occurs when only the more marginal levels of deep structure are affected. Revolutionary change occurs when the fundamental levels of deep structure reconfigure, as do all more marginal levels nested within them. Copyright © 1999 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
__label__0, The influence of particle size of TiO2 on the photocatalytic degradation of methylene blue (MB) in a suspended aqueous solution has been studied. The results suggested that the adsorption rate and adsorbability of MB on suspended TiO2 particles increased as the particle sizes of TiO2 decreased. Photocatalytic activity of TiO2 also increased as the particle size of TiO2 became smaller, especially when the particle size is less than 30 nm. The half-life (t0.5) of the photocatalytic degradation of MB also decreased as the particle sizes of TiO2 decreased. The first-order reaction rate constant for photodegradation of MB increased as the particle size of TiO2 decreased. The initial degradation rate of MB in a suspended model was higher than that of a fixed-bed model. This will overcome the difficulty of preparation of ultrafine TiO2 catalyst particles. Once the problem of separation of fine TiO2 particles is solved, a TiO2 suspended photoreactor could be provided on an industrial basis.
__label__0, A series of retinoids, containing heteroatoms in a cyclic ring and called heteroarotinoids, were synthesized, and their biological activity was evaluated using tissue culture lines that have measurable responses to trans-retinoic acid (t-RA). Transglutaminase (TGase) was assessed in the human erythroleukemia cell line (GMO6141A) as an indicator of differentiation and apoptosis. Proliferation was evaluated in a human cervical cell line, CC-1, which exhibits dose-dependent alterations in growth rate in response to treatment with trans-retinoic acid. Activation of nuclear retinoic acid receptors was determined in a reporter cell line established from CC-1. The reporter line, called CC-B, contains a reporter gene controlled by a retinoic acid responsive element (RARE) and a thymidine kinase (tk) promoter. Treatment of the CC-B line with the heteroarotinoids resulted in a dose-responsive and retinoid-dependent regulation of reporter gene expression. The heteroarotinoids exhibited activity in all assays and correlated in a statistically significant manner between assays. RARE transactivation activity in CC-B cells correlated with induction of TGase in GMO6141A (R = 0.96) and with a decrease in the growth rate of CC-1 cells (R = −0.90). The ability of the selected heteroarotinoids to induce differentation, inhibit proliferation, and activate nuclear receptors demonstrates the chemotherapeutic potential of these agents. In view of the biological activity cited, an in vivo toxicity study was conducted on male B6D2F1 mice with three heteroarotinoids, namely 8 [(2E,4E,6E)-3,7-dimethyl-7-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-4,4-dimethylthiochroman-6-yl)-2,4,6-heptatrienoic acid], 10 [(2E,4E,6E)-3,7-dimethyl-7-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-4,4-dimethylchroman-6-yl)-2,4,6-heptatrienoic acid], and 13 [(E)-p-[2-(4,4-dimethylchroman-6-yl)propenyl]benzoic acid]. The mice were used with gavage of heteroarotinoids in corn oil [0.1, 0.2, 0.4, or 0.8 mg/kg] and with 0.01 or 0.05 mg/kg of TTNPB (5) [(E)-4-[2-(5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-2-naphthalenyl)-1-propenyl]benzoic acid] as reference controls. The target organs affected in the mice by the three heteroarotinoids were those typically associated with t-RA (1) toxicity. The maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of 13 was 9.4 mg/kg/day, which was equal in toxicity to that of t-RA (1) and 1000-fold less toxic than TTNPB (5). The MTDs of 8 and 10 were 34 and 32 mg/kg/day, respectively, which is 3-fold less toxic than t-RA (1) and 3000-fold less toxic than TTNPB (5). The 3000-fold reduced toxicity, compared with only a 27% reduction biological activity of 8 and 10 with respect to that of TTNPB, observed in our assays indicates a good therapeutic ratio of these heteroarotinoids over the parent compound. The biological activity and reduced toxicity of these heteroarotinoids demonstrate the potential efficacy as anticancer agents.
__label__0, The first asymmetric total synthesis of Aspinolide B (1), a new 10-membered lactone discovered by chemical screening methods in the cultures of Aspergillus ochraceus, has been accomplished. The key steps included a selective Felkin-type addition of TMS-acetylene to aldehyde 3a and a Nozaki−Hiyama−Kishi coupling reaction to build the required 10-membered ring. This synthesis confirmed the absolute stereochemistry of aspinolide B, established through Helmchen's method and corrected its previously reported specific optical rotation.
__label__0, Cellobiose decomposition kinetics and products in sub- and supercritical water were studied with a flow apparatus at temperatures from 300 to 400 °C at pressures from 25 to 40 MPa, and at short residence times (0.04−2 s). Cellobiose was found to decompose via hydrolysis of the glycosidic bond and via pyrolysis of the reducing end. Pyrolysis products were glycosylerythrose (GE) and glycosylglycolaldehyde (GG) which were confirmed by FAB-MS. Hydrolysis products were glucose, erythrose, and glycolaldehyde from cellobiose, GE, and GG, respectively, as well as glucose decomposition products. The kinetics from glucose decomposition were used to fit the experimental results and evaluate rate constants of hydrolysis (kH) and pyrolysis rate constants (k1 and k2). The activation energy for the hydrolysis of cellobiose and pyrolysis products GG and GE was found to be 108.6, 110.5, and 106.1 kJ/mol, respectively. In the supercritical region, there was a decrease in the pyrolysis rates k1 and k2 and a corresponding increase in hydrolysis selectivity from 85% to 95% as the pressure increased from 30 to 40 MPa.
__label__0, The influences of operating variables and the limitation of dual-tubular reactors in series for the tert-amyl methyl ether (TAME) synthesis process were investigated by computer simulation. The feed for the process is the C5 cut of naphtha cracker (pyrolysis gasoline) followed with selective hydrogenation. The species in the feed were identified by gas chromatography, and the mole fraction data were used for activity coefficient calculation. The kinetic model proposed by Rihko et al. was used to simulate the tubular reactor in the TAME process, whereas the equations for the calculation of the mole-fraction-dependent activity coefficients were incorporated into the model. The reliability of this work for the activity coefficient calculation was justified by performance tests of a commercial plant, while the validation of the model was further checked by the normal operation results of the plant. The investigation of operating variables, such as the molar ratio of methanol to isoamylene, space velocity, and feed temperature, indicated that the effect of operating variables of the first reactor on isoamylene conversion is much more significant than that of the second one. Moreover, after the optimization of the first reactor, the isoamylene conversion in the second reactor is only about 8.5%. The results suggest that for the improvement of process efficiency, the replacement of the second reactor with a catalytic distillation tower is necessary.
__label__0, High-throughput file screening against inhibition of human lung PDE4 led to the discovery of 3-ethyl-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-6-phenyl-7-oxo-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridine (11) as a novel PDE4 inhibitor. Subsequent SAR development, using an eosinophil PDE assay, led to analogues up to 50-fold more potent than 11 with IC50 values of 0.03−1.6 μM. One such compound, CP-220,629 (22) (IC50 = 0.44 μM), was efficacious in the guinea pig aerosolized antigen induced airway obstruction assay (ED50 2.0 mg/kg, po) and demonstrated a significant reduction in eosinophil (55%), neutrophil (65%), and IL-1β (82%) responses to antigen challenge in atopic monkeys (10 mg/kg, po).
__label__0, Sorption of CO, CH4, and N2 in zeolite-X exchanged with different alkali metal ions was studied by volumetric measurements and Grand Canonical Monte Carlo simulation. CO and CH4 sorption is observed to show higher sorption capacity than N2 in all cation exchanged zeolite samples. The adsorption capacity of CO in alkali metal exchanged zeolites is observed to decrease on moving from LiX to CsX, whereas for the methane adsorption capacity varies in reverse order. The isosteric heat of sorption data show stronger interactions of CO and N2 molecules with alkali metal ion exchanged zeolites. The isosteric heat of CH4 show nearly same value (21−24 kJ/mol) for all alkali metal ion exchanged zeolites. Simulation of the CO and N2 sorption in alkali metal zeolite -X clearly shows that the adsorbed CO and N2 molecules are located in proximity to the extra-framework cations in the super cage. Simulated data of adsorption isotherms and heats of adsorption of CO, N2, and CH4 in alkali metal ion exchanged zeolite-X agree reasonably well with the experimental results.
__label__0, To study and optimize the process parameters such as current density, temperature, concentration of cerium(III) methanesulphonate and methanesulphonic acid, and kinetics for the electrochemical generation of cerium(IV) methanesulphonate in aqueous methane sulfonic acid medium. A 97% current efficiency and conversion was achieved at 5 A/dm2 current density in 0.8 M cerium(III) methanesulphonate with 2 M methanesulphonic acid medium at 50 °C temperature.
__label__0, A Maya residuum was reacted in a perfectly mixed reactor in continuous operation under hydrogen in the presence of a hydrotreating commercial catalyst supported on γ-Al2O3 at 12.5 MPa of hydrogen pressure, at different temperatures (375, 400, and 415 °C), and at different mass space velocities (between 1.4 and 7.1 L/h·gcat). The reaction products were separated into fractions with different boiling points and a kinetic scheme involving lumped species consisting of the fraction over the 343 °C boiling point (atmospheric residuum), that below the 343 °C boiling point (light oils), and gases has been proposed. Experimental data at 375 and 400 °C have found a good fit to the model but not at 415 °C. The percent conversion of sulfur, nitrogen, vanadium, and nickel and the average molecular weight reduction have been analyzed as a function of atmospheric residuum conversion. The number of moles of carbon−carbon bonds broken by reaction has also been estimated.
__label__0, The rapid expansion of supercritical solutions (RESS) has been applied to separate the hydrocarbon mixture. The RESS experiments for the naphthalene and phenanthrene mixture using supercritical carbon dioxide have been carried out to study the influence of various RESS conditions on separation as well as on morphology. High pre- and postexpansion temperatures enhanced the naphthalene composition of the precipitate more than the preexpansion solution composition. By diluting the preexpansion mixture with pure CO2 and then increasing the postexpansion temperature, an increase in the size of the particles precipitated from mixtures was found. Increasing continuously the phenanthrene composition of the preexpansion mixture solution, the shape of the crystals changed from flat-sheet (pure naphthalene) to needlelike (pure phenanthrene). Most of the experiments were carried out at the extraction temperature of 308.2 K and at the pressure of 14.0 MPa. The highest naphthalene composition of particles precipitated from the saturated fluid mixture (0.883 mole fraction of naphthalene) reached a 0.960 mole fraction of naphthalene at a higher postexpansion temperature than that of the eutectic.
__label__0, A Dean−Stark apparatus, with the separation chamber modified to contain molecular sieves for scavenging water from an azeotrope, is described. This modification permits the efficient dehydration of an azeotrope, thereby greatly reducing the chance of water recycling to a reaction flask. The extent of water removal from recycling solvent was determined by Karl Fischer titration. Depending on the type of molecular sieve used, the pH of the water eluted at saturation ranged from 7.8 to 10.4. To demonstrate the effectiveness for removing water from recycling solvent and providing anhydrous reaction conditions, the apparatus was used to determine the water-loading capacity of a variety of molecular sieves and to effect the cyclodimerization of α-methylstyrene as well as 2-phenyl-2-propanol to 2,3-dihydro-1,1,3-trimethyl-3-phenyl-1H-indene (Chem. Abstracts 3910-35-8).
__label__0, A series of novel conformationally restricted butyrophenones (2-(aminoethyl)- and 3-(aminomethyl)thieno- or benzocycloalkanones bearing (6-fluorobenzisoxazolyl)piperidine, (p-fluorobenzoyl)piperidine, (o-methoxyphenyl)piperazine, or linear butyrophenone fragments) were prepared and evaluated as atypical antipsychotic agents by in vitro assays of affinity for dopamine receptors (D1, D2) and serotonin receptors (5-HT2A, 5-HT2C) and by in vivo assays of antipsychotic potential and the risk of inducing extrapyramidal side effects. Potency and selectivity depended mainly on the amine fragment connected to the cycloalkanone structure. As a group, compounds with a benzisoxazolyl fragment had the highest 5-HT2A activities, followed by the benzoylpiperidine derivatives; in general, α-substituted cycloalkanone derivatives were more active than the corresponding β-substituted congeners. CoMFA (comparative molecular field analysis) and docking studies showed electrostatic, steric, and lipophilic determinants of 5-HT2A and D2 affinities and 5-HT2A/D2 selectivity. The in vitro and in vivo pharmacological profiles of N-[(4-oxo-4H-5,6-dihydrocyclopenta[b]thiophene-5-yl)ethyl]-4-(6-fluorobenzisoxazol-3-yl)piperidine (23b, QF 0510B), N-[(4-oxo-4,5,6,7-tetrahydrobenzo[b]thiophene-5-yl)ethyl]-4-(6-fluorobenzisoxazol-3-yl)piperidine (24b, QF 0610B), and N-[(7-oxo-4,5,6,7-tetrahydrobenzo[b]thiophene-6-yl)ethyl]-4-(6-fluorobenzisoxazol-3-yl)piperidine (29b, QF 0902B) suggest that they may be effective antipsychotic drugs with low propensity to induce extrapyramidal side effects.
__label__0, By mixing certain clay mineral samples into finely divided EMD (electrolytic manganese dioxide) and by using the mixtures as the solid electrolyte of a galvanic potential type humidity sensor, which consisted of a Pt/EMD/Cu or Al system, it was found that the clay minerals exhibited a new function to markedly improve the performance of the EMD sensing element, which otherwise responded only to high-humidity regions. The response time profiles of the galvanic potentials produced by the clay-admixed sensor elements were different from the EMD's. It was observed that different effects took place depending on the nature of the additives, and kaolinite and muscovite enhanced the humidity-sensing characteristics of EMD, showing good linearity and fast response. A mechanism for the enhancement of humidity-sensing characteristics was proposed, taking into account the role of interlayer water molecules present in the EMD-additive system.
__label__0, The 4-amino-7-oxo-substituted analogues of 5-deaza-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid (5-DATHF) and 5,10-dideaza-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid (DDATHF) were synthesized as potential antifolates. Treatment of the α,β-unsaturated esters 11a−c, obtained in one synthetic step from commercially available para-substituted methyl benzoates (9a−c) and methyl 2-(bromomethyl)acrylate (10), with malononitrile in NaOMe/MeOH afforded the corresponding pyridones 12a−c. Formation of the pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidines 13a−c was accomplished upon treatment of 12a−c with guanidine in methanol. After the hydrolysis of the ester group present in 13a−c, the resulting carboxylic acids 14a−c were treated with diethyl cyanophosphonate in Et3N/DMF and coupled with l-glutamic acid dimethyl ester to give 15a−c. Finally, the basic hydrolysis of 15a−c yielded the desired 4-amino-7-oxo-substituted analogues 16a−c in 20−27% overall yield. Compounds 16a−c were tested in vitro against CCRF-CEM leukemia cells. The results obtained indicated that our 4-amino-7-oxo analogues are completely devoid of any activity, the IC50 being higher than 20 μg/mL for all cases except 14c for which a value of 6.7 μg/mL was obtained. These results seem to indicate that 16a−c are inactive precisely due to the presence of the carbonyl group in position C7, the distinctive feature of our synthetic methodology.
__label__0, The partial oxidation of cyclohexane to cyclohexanol and cyclohexanone on UV-irradiated titanium dioxide films in the presence of molecular oxygen at low temperatures and atmospheric pressure was studied. Three different coating methodologies (dip coating using titanium isopropoxide and commercially available titanium dioxide particles, sol−gel process, and flame aerosol process) were used to deposit the titanium dioxide films, and their effectiveness in partial oxidation of cyclohexane was compared. Conversions of the cyclohexane in the gas-phase reactor averaged between 1.1 and 8.7% per pass (8-s contact time) for the different film reactors. The yield (formation of ketone and alcohol) exceeded 96% for all the film reactors. No detectable amount of carbon dioxide was generated. The selectivity for ketone formation ranged from 59 to 91%. The films produced by the flame aerosol method resulted in the highest yield per mass of catalyst used and showed no coking and deactivation for a total run time of approximately 10 h (2 cycles). The films were characterized by XRD, SEM, and TEM to establish the phase compositions, morphologies, and primary particle sizes, respectively. The flame aerosol coating resulted in the formation of high surface area aggregates consisting of nanometer-sized primary particles with high density (minimal internal porosity), whereas dip coating resulted in the formation of bulk crystallites that were more susceptible to coking and deactivation. The flame-aerosol-deposited titania particles had more surface sites per unit mass for photooxidation and minimal intraparticle diffusion limitations.
__label__0, 7-Substituted-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolines (7-substituted-THIQs) are potent inhibitors of phenylethanolamine N-methyltransferase (PNMT, EC 2.1.1.28), the enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of epinephrine. Unfortunately, most of these compounds also exhibit strong affinity for the α2-adrenoceptor. To design a selective (PNMT vs α2-adrenoceptor affinity) inhibitor of PNMT, the steric and electrostatic factors responsible for PNMT inhibitory activity and α2-adrenoceptor affinity were investigated by evaluating a number of 7-substituted-THIQs. A classical quantitative structure−activity relationship (QSAR) study resulted in a three-parameter equation for PNMT (PNMT pKi = 0.599π − 0.0725MR + 1.55σm + 5.80; n = 27, r = 0.885, s = 0.573) and a three-parameter equation for the α2-adrenoceptor (α2 pKi = 0.599π − 0.0542MR − 0.951σm + 6.45; n = 27, r = 0.917, s = 0.397). These equations indicated that steric effects and lipophilicity play a similar role at either active site but that electronic effects play opposite roles at either active site. Two binding orientations for the THIQs were postulated such that lipophilic and hydrophilic 7-substituents would not occupy the same region of space at either binding site. Using these two binding orientations, based on the lipophilicity of the 7-substituent, comparative molecular field analysis (CoMFA) models were developed that showed that the steric and electrostatic interactions at both sites were similar to those previously elaborated in the QSAR analyses. Both the QSAR and the CoMFA analyses showed that the steric interactions are similar at the PNMT active site and at the α2-adrenoceptor and that the electrostatic interactions were different at the two sites. This difference in electrostatic interactions might be responsible for the selectivity of THIQs bearing a nonlipophilic electron-withdrawing group at the 7-position. These QSAR and CoMFA results will be useful in the design of potent and selective (PNMT vs α2-adrenoceptor affinity) inhibitors of PNMT.
__label__0, Nineteen ring A- and F-modified hexacyclic analogues of camptothecin were synthesized by Friedländer condensation of appropriately substituted bicyclic amino ketones with tricyclic ketone and were evaluated for cytotoxicity and topoisomerase I inhibitory activity. Seventeen of the compounds showed cytotoxic effects comparable or superior to those of 7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin (SN-38) against mouse leukemia P388 and human tumor cell lines HOC-21 and QG-56. Introduction of a compact and inductively electron-withdrawing substituent such as a hydroxy, methoxy, chloro, or fluoro group into position 5 of ring A of the hexacyclic compound remarkably increased the antitumor activity. The potency of topoisomerase I inhibition of these compounds showed good correlation with their cytotoxicity. Among them, the 4-methyl-5-fluoro hexacyclic compound was the most potent of all and was 10 times as active as SN-38 in in vitro antitumor activity.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Pyrolyses of rice hulls were performed in a thermogravimetric analyzer from room temperature to 1173 K at heating rates of 10, 30, 60, and 100 K/min. The global mass loss during rice hull pyrolysis was modeled by a combination of the volatile evolutions of four independent parallel lumps:  one for moisture and the other three for nonmoisture volatiles. The decomposition of each lump was characterized by a single reaction, first-order with respect to the amount of volatile yet to evolve. The moisture lump evolves mainly at low temperatures with an activation energy of 48 kJ/mol. The activation energies for the evolution of the nonmoisture volatile lumps, which are attributed to the decompositions of hemicellulose, cellulose, and lignin, are 154, 200, and 33 kJ/mol, respectively. Excellent agreement between the experimental data and model predictions was found.
__label__0, Spiperone (1) is a widely used pharmacological tool that acts as a potent dopamine D2, serotonin 5-HT1A, and serotonin 5-HT2A antagonist. Although spiperone also binds at 5-HT2C receptors, it is one of the very few agents that display some (ca. 1000-fold) binding selectivity for 5-HT2A versus 5-HT2C receptors and, hence, might serve as a useful template for the development of novel 5-HT2A antagonists if the impact of its various substituent groups on binding was known. In the present investigation we focused on the 1,3,8-triazaspiro[4.5]decanone portion of spiperone and found that replacement of the N1-phenyl group with a methyl group only slightly decreased affinity for cloned rat 5-HT2A receptors. However, N1-methyl derivatives displayed significantly reduced affinity for 5-HT1A, 5-HT2C, and dopamine D2 receptors. Several representative examples were shown to behave as 5-HT2 antagonists. As such, N1-alkyl analogues of spiperone may afford entry into a novel series of 5-HT2A-selective antagonists.
__label__0, A simulation study has been carried out to assess the performance of DMC (dynamic matrix control) for an ethylene−propylene−diene polymerization reactor. The regulated outputs are ethylene composition, diene composition, and Mooney viscosity of the polymer product. The simulation results show the excellent capability of DMC to control product quality during setpoint changes in product specifications (servo control) and changes in production rate and catalyst activity (regulatory control). DMC is proved to be superior to the conventional control approach and appears to hold a considerable promise for such a reactor system.
__label__0, A new potent bioactive, proline-rich cyclic heptapeptide hymenamide E (13) was synthesized using the solution phase technique by cyclization of the linear peptide Boc-Phe-Pro-Thr-Thr-Pro-Tyr-Phe-OMe (12) after proper deprotection at carboxyl and amino terminals. Linear peptide segment was prepared by coupling the tripeptide unit Boc-Phe-Pro-Thr-OH (10a) with the tetrapeptide unit Thr-Pro-Tyr-Phe-OMe (11a) using dicyclohexylcarbodiimide as the coupling agent and N-methylmorpholine as the base. Structures of all new compounds were characterized by IR, 1H NMR spectral data as well as elemental analyses. In addition, the structure of compound 13 was verified by 13C NMR, fast atom bombardment mass spectroscopy and differential scanning calorimetry. The newly synthesized cyclopeptide was screened for its antibacterial, antifungal and anthelmintic activities against eight pathogenic microbes and two earthworm species. Compound 13 showed potent antifungal activity against Candida albicans and Ganoderma species comparable to that of griseofulvin as a reference drug and potent anthelmintic activity against earthworms Megascoplex konkanensis and Eudrilus species in comparison to piperazine citrate.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, In a previous paper the authors argued that the line dividing the ‘real world’ from the ‘systems thinking world’ in Soft Systems Methodology (SSM) should be disregarded lest it be taken to indicate a false dualism. One of the supporting reasons for the elimination of this line was the problem that arose in practice concerning the link between root definitions and conceptual models, constantly encountered during the 25 years in which SSM has been used and developed. The relationship between root definitions and conceptual models was taken to be based only on an instrumental ‘logic’. Here it is argued that root definitions define and induce dispositions. The dispositions root definitions define are expressed in terms of conceptual models, while the dispositions they induce are the source of the effects they have on the problem-solving practice. In this way, the sole dependency on instrumental logic as the link between the two is loosened, allowing different forms of relationship between the two to emerge, including ones linked more closely to the evolving content of a systems study. © 1997 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
__label__0, A gadolinium-chelated liposomal contrast agent has been prepared, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) efficacy has been examined by indirect magnetic resonance lymphography. A lipidic N,N‘-dimethylethylenediamine derivative (4) containing a 10,12-diyne-diacyl domain was treated with DTPA anhydride followed by GdCl3 complexation. The complex was confirmed using MALDI spectrometry. An equimolar mixture of the Gd−chelate lipid and a commercially available diyne-PE was formulated as a liposome suspension and irradiated with UV light prior to imaging experiments. Subcutaneous injection of the liposomal gadolinium agent and subsequent MRI of rabbit axillary and popliteal lymph nodes revealed significant contrast enhancement up to 4 h postinjection. To explore the possibility of imaging a DNA transfection event, the gadolinium contrast mixture was formulated with the cationic transfection lipid DOTAP and complexed with the reporter gene encoding luciferase. DNA transfection studies on the NIH3T3 cell line confirmed the transfection activity of the dual-purpose contrast agent and exemplified the potential toward development of an imaging and DNA delivery vehicle.
__label__0, Pulicaria species, such as Pulicaria undulata, are rich in sesquiterpene lactones. The methylene chloride/methanol (1:1) extract of P. undulata resulted in the isolation of new sesquiterpenes (1–4), as well as previously reported metabolites (5–14). Structures were elucidated by spectroscopic analyses. Using a mouse peritoneal macrophage bioassay, lipopolysaccharide-induced nitric oxide inhibition was observed with the eudesman-type sesquiterpene 1β,4β-dihydroxy-5αH,7αH,8α-guaia-10(14),11(13)-dien-8β,12-olide (11) at an EC50 of 7.2 μM.
__label__0, mHealth interventions that deliver content via mobile phones represent a burgeoning area of health behavior change. The current paper examines two themes that can inform the underlying design of mHealth interventions: (1) mobile device functionality, which represents the technological toolbox available to intervention developers; and (2) the pervasive information architecture of mHealth interventions, which determines how intervention content can be delivered concurrently using mobile phones, personal computers, and other devices. We posit that developers of mHealth interventions will be able to better achieve the promise of this burgeoning arena by leveraging the toolbox and functionality of mobile devices in order to engage participants and encourage meaningful behavior change within the context of a carefully designed pervasive information architecture.
__label__0, CaO–SiO2–P2O5 powder systems were synthesized by the aqueous precipitation method utilizing sodium metasilicate as a precursor. Products of the synthesis were hydrated calcium silicate phosphate systems with different chemical composition, which was controlled by the change in pH value of the final suspension during the precipitation. Both the crystallinity and phase composition depended on calcium content in the final powder system. It was revealed that the amorphous phases were created at a higher calcium content and more basic precipitation conditions whereas the nanocrystalline hydroxyapatite was found at a lower calcium content and even at more acidic precipitation conditions. After annealing of dry precipitates at 950 °C, Si saturated calcium phosphates (hydroxyapatite and α-TCP) were formed in a large amount of the amorphous glassy silica phase and the amount of major calcium phosphate phase was influenced by the calcium content or Ca/P ratio in precipitates. The strong calcium phosphate particle refinement was observed with the rise in silicon content in systems.
__label__0, There are many different ways to calculate IT's maturity level, but any approach that doesn't take into account the three drivers first described in Chapter 4—technology, process, and organization—is likely to fail. In this chapter, we take a closer look at this critical triangle of influence, in which levers for improvement often require artful combinations of technology, process, and organizational readiness rather than a narrow focus on just one single factor.
__label__0, Petroleum products are complex substances comprising varying amounts of linear and branched alkanes, alkenes, cycloalkanes, and aromatics which may penetrate the skin at different rates. For proper interpretation of toxic hazard data, understanding their percutaneous absorption is of paramount importance.
__label__0, Search task difficulty has been attracting much research attention in recent years, mostly regarding its relationship with searchers’ behaviors and the prediction of task difficulty from search behaviors. However, it remains unknown what makes searchers feel the difficulty. A study consisting of 48 undergraduate students was conducted to explore this question. Each participant was given 4 search tasks that were carefully designed following a task classification scheme. Questionnaires were used to elicit participants’ ratings on task difficulty and why they gave those ratings. Based on the collected difficulty reasons, a coding scheme was developed, which covered various aspects of task, user, and user–task interaction. Difficulty reasons were then categorized following this scheme. Results showed that searchers reported some common reasons leading to task difficulty in different tasks, but most of the difficulty reasons varied across tasks. In addition, task difficulty had some common reasons between searchers with low and high levels of topic knowledge, although there were also differences in top task difficulty reasons between high and low knowledge users. These findings further our understanding of search task difficulty, the relationship between task difficulty and task type, and that between task difficulty and knowledge level. The findings can also be helpful with designing tasks for information search experiments, and have implications on search system design both in general and for personalization based on task type and searchers’ knowledge.
__label__0, Many scholars and service practitioners perceive service recovery as an important means to retain customer after service failures, but in practice many service recovery efforts are unsuccessful. Studies on service recovery suggest that recovery activities are the core process of service operations and frontline teams play an important role in performing such activities. So we propose operational improvement competence (OIC) as a new approach that is highly relevant to process improvement and frontline teams for improving service recovery performance. We also draw on role stress theory and conservation of resources theory to argue that frontline teams׳ peculiar characteristic (i.e., role stress) and two types of important resources (i.e., organization inducement and psychological resilience) moderate the effectiveness of OIC in improving service recovery performance. Based on data collected from 146 frontline teams in the banking sector in China, we test our posited hypotheses. Our study advances knowledge on service operations by establishing a link between OIC and service recovery performance. Our findings also contribute to the literature by showing that the process improvement approach can enhance service recovery performance, and ascertaining the intricacies among OIC, the peculiar characteristic pertinent to frontline teams, and service recovery in service firms.
__label__0, Char particles of high ash Indian coal with different sizes are produced using thermogravimetric method at different heating rates. Particle diameter and porosity changes during devolatilization significantly affect char gasification rates. The effect of coal particle size on char production under various heating rates is reviewed. Char gasification is affected by operating conditions such as reaction temperature, char production method, and particle size in addition to chemical composition and physical structure of char. The measurements of the steam and CO2 gasification rate of the produced chars are performed by an isothermal thermo-gravimetric analysis at the temperatures of 900, 950, and 1000 °C under ambient pressure conditions. It is found that the reactivity of char gasification is increased along with heating rate of char. Three kinetic models are applied to describe the varying conversion rate: volumetric model, grain model, and random pore model. The activation energy of the gasification is varied based on the char generation method and particle sizes. The activation energy is varying from 122 to 177 kJ mol−1 for steam gasification and 130 to 214 kJ mol−1 for CO2 gasification to different sized char particles. The effect of char heating rate on gasification is more pronounced in the activation energies of smaller sized particles.
__label__0, Trichoderma is a genus of fungi that is present in most types of soils, where they are the most prevalent culturable fungi. Various species of the fungi can be used as biocontrol agents, which are antagonistic to plant pathogens. The fungi, however, also can be food spoilage organisms for certain types of industry, such as the mushroom production industry.
__label__0, Head motion during functional MRI (fMRI) scanning can induce spurious findings and/or harm detection of true effects. Solutions have been proposed, including deleting (‘scrubbing’) or regressing out (‘spike regression’) motion volumes from fMRI time-series. These strategies remove motion-induced signal variations at the cost of destroying the autocorrelation structure of the fMRI time-series and reducing temporal degrees of freedom. ICA-based fMRI denoising strategies overcome these drawbacks but typically require re-training of a classifier, needing manual labeling of derived components (e.g. ICA-FIX; Salimi-Khorshidi et al. (2014)). Here, we propose an ICA-based strategy for Automatic Removal of Motion Artifacts (ICA-AROMA) that uses a small (n = 4), but robust set of theoretically motivated temporal and spatial features. Our strategy does not require classifier re-training, retains the data's autocorrelation structure and largely preserves temporal degrees of freedom. We describe ICA-AROMA, its implementation, and initial validation. ICA-AROMA identified motion components with high accuracy and robustness as illustrated by leave-N-out cross-validation. We additionally validated ICA-AROMA in resting-state (100 participants) and task-based fMRI data (118 participants). Our approach removed (motion-related) spurious noise from both rfMRI and task-based fMRI data to larger extent than regression using 24 motion parameters or spike regression. Furthermore, ICA-AROMA increased sensitivity to group-level activation. Our results show that ICA-AROMA effectively reduces motion-induced signal variations in fMRI data, is applicable across datasets without requiring classifier re-training, and preserves the temporal characteristics of the fMRI data.
__label__0, This study examines total Hg, free Hg(0), matrix-bound Hg and MeHg contents in soils and plant tissues from two old cinnabar mining sites (La Soterraña and Los Rueldos) in Asturias (Spain), as well as Hg transfer and translocation from soils to plants. The studied soils from both mines accumulated moderate to very high total Hg concentrations (36–1709 mg·kg− 1) but quite low available Hg contents (0.005–3.062 mg·kg− 1) which resulted in relatively low transfer factor values. Matrix-bound Hg was the prevalent Hg form in soils from both mining sites representing 67–88% of total Hg content. Significant Hg(0) concentrations were found in soils as a consequence of atmospheric deposition. Appreciable MeHg concentrations were found in soils from La Soterraña mining site while non-detectable MeHg could be found in soils from Los Rueldos. All the studied plants can be considered as excluders. Hg(0) is practically absent in roots indicating that this Hg form is not uptaken from soils. Hg(0) contents found in aboveground tissues evidenced that foliar uptake of atmospheric Hg occurs. Significant MeHg contents were found in the aerial parts for all studied plants. However, MeHg contents in roots were extremely low in La Soterraña plants and non-detectable in those from Los Rueldos.
__label__0, There is a substantial body of data on the interactions among hormones, reproductive behavior, and communicative behavior. However, significantly less is known about how hormones regulate social conflict and the communicative behaviors that are involved in influencing social relationships This chapter focuses on the hormonal regulation of social conflict and communication in Syrian (sometimes called golden) hamsters. Social behavior and its hormonal regulation have been studied in Syrian hamsters since the 1950s. Unlike many other species, both male and female hamsters are highly aggressive, and the behaviors engaged in during social conflict are readily observable and easily quantified. The severity of these encounters (in terms of bites or tissue damage) is usually quite low, and dominance relationships are often formed with relatively little overt aggression. These relationships are usually established very rapidly and remain stable over time. Hamsters also exhibit a variety of communicative behaviors that are easily quantified and that have been investigated extensively. As such, hamsters represent a comparatively simple animal model for the study of social conflict and communication.
__label__0, The role of gonadal steroids in human behavior is both more complex and more poorly delineated. This chapter examines the role of gonadal steroids in behavior in women by employing two strategies: it suggests that findings from both molecular biological and animal in vivo studies illustrate the exquisite context dependency of responses to gonadal steroid signals; and it reviews the role of both gonadal steroids and context in several reproductive endocrine-related mood disorders in women (menstrual cycle-related mood disorders, perimenopausal depression, postpartum depression, and hormone replacement therapy-related dysphoria). Steroid receptors are members of a large family of intracellular proteins that serve as transcription factors when activated by their cognate hormone. By influencing the transcription of cellular proteins, steroid hormones could potentially regulate all aspects of cellular function.
__label__0, We present a short analytic proof of a 1976 conjecture on the global dynamics of the equation x n = x n − 1 e x − x n − 2 , where x ∈ ( 0 , 1 ) and x 0 , x 1 ∈ ( 0 , + ∞ ) . The proof is based on considering the parameter x in the previous equation as a complex variable. This transforms the problem in studying the asymptotic behaviour of a sequence of analytic functions.
__label__0, Supercritical water gasification (SCWG) of biomass was studied by means of a stoichiometric thermodynamic model. Such approach is based on reaction equilibria and it allows calculating the extent of the single reactions involved. A very simple model was proposed, involving only 6 components and 3 independent reactions. The model was validated against literature experimental data for different feedstock and it was used to understand the influence of biomass and operating conditions. The analyses allowed calculating the values of the reaction extent of water-gas shift (WGS) and CO methanation at equilibrium: a graphical approach was proposed in order to interpret the outcomes. Results showed that the influence of pressure is very limited. Moreover, it was observed that the maximum H2 production is linked to a parameter ψ, function of the H/C and O/C ratios of the feedstock. Finally, considerations about the role of WGS and methanation in the production of H2 were traced.
__label__0, Dairy farm wastewaters are potential resources for production of microalgae biofuels. A study was conducted to evaluate the capability of production of biodiesel from consortium of native microalgae culture in dairy farm treated wastewater. Native algal strains were isolated from dairy farm wastewaters collection tank (untreated wastewater) as well as from holding tank (treated wastewater). The consortium members were selected on the basis of fluorescence response after treating with Nile red reagent. Preliminary studies of two commercial and consortium of ten native strains of algae showed good growth in wastewaters. A consortium of native strains was found capable to remove more than 98% nutrients from treated wastewater. The biomass production and lipid content of consortium cultivated in treated wastewater were 153.54 t ha−1 year−1 and 16.89%, respectively. 72.70% of algal lipid obtained from consortium could be converted into biodiesel.
__label__0, Nanoparticulate system with theranostic applications has attracted significant attention in cancer therapeutics. In the present study, we have developed a novel composite PLGA NP co-encapsulated with anticancer drug (sorafenib) and magnetic NP (SPION). We have successfully developed nanosized folate-conjugated PEGylated PLGA nanoparticles (SRF/FA–PEG–PLGA NP) with both anticancer and magnetic resonance property. We have showed that FA-conjugated NP exhibits sustained drug release and enhanced cellular uptake in BEL7402 cancer cells. The targeted NP effectively suppressed the tumor cell proliferation and has improved the anticancer efficacy than that of free drug or non-targeted one. Additionally, enhanced MRI properties demonstrate this formulation has good imaging agent characteristics. Finally, SRF/FA–PEG–PLGA NP effectively inhibited the colony forming ability indicating its superior anticancer effect. Together, these multifunctional nanoparticles would be most ideal to improve the therapeutic response in cancer and holds great potential to be a part of future nanomedicine. Our unique approach could be extended for multiple biomedical applications.
__label__0, The nexus between trade openness and energy demand is hot topic of discussion among academicians and researchers, and numerous studies are available in existing literature while investigating the nexus between trade openness and energy demand. This paper explores the relationship between energy consumption, trade openness and economic growth in case of Thailand. In doing so, we have applied Bayer and Hanck cointegration approach to test whether the long run relationship exists between the variables. Our results confirm the presence of cointegration between the variables. Energy consumption stimulates economic growth. Trade openness adds in economic growth. The causality analysis reveals that energy consumption Granger causes economic growth and in resulting, economic growth Granger causes energy consumption. Trade openness and energy consumption are interdependent i.e. trade openness Granger causes energy consumption and in return, energy consumption Granger causes trade openness. This paper openness up new directions for policy making authorities in Thailand to design a comprehensive energy and trade policies to sustain economic growth for long run.
__label__0, Study of flow behavior is necessary for selection of proper grade and viscoelastic characterization of different asphalt binders. Shear thinning behavior of modified binders demands a critical study of viscosity at a wide range of temperatures and shear rates. Such analysis also leads to practical calculation of more appropriate mixing temperatures for asphalt concrete. This study focusses on evaluating the flow properties of different binders for a wide range of shear rates and temperatures using steady shear methods. Carreau–Yasuda (C–Y) and exponential model are combined with the concept of Rheogram to predict the viscosity of bitumen at any desired temperature and shear rate. It was found that C–Y model could be successfully applied to viscosity–shear rate master curves for all types of binders. Exponential model yielded good fit for zero shear viscosity and the model parameters were found to be binder specific. Lower mixing and compaction temperatures were obtained for modified binders, which decreased with increase in shear rate. A more practical method of obtaining mixing temperatures for bitumen is presented and discussed.
__label__0, In a feed-and-bleed operation, a feeding solution is recycled between a circulation tank and an electrodialyzer continuously. The recycle rate is determined as desired from the targeted concentration changes of the desalted solution. An electrodialyzer and a circulation tank are the main units working in the feed-and-bleed process. The function of the electrodialyzer is computed based on the single-pass (continuous) program (Chapter 13), which is developed for the single-pass operation. The computer program of the feed-and-bleed operation consists of (1) the program describing the function of the electrodialyzer and (2) the program describing the function of the circulation tank. The function of the circulation tank is introduced from the mass balance in the tank. The performance of the process is computed by inputting the process specifications and operating conditions into the stand-alone program and carried out trial-error-calculation.
__label__0, In a principal-agent framework, we explain different managing styles. In our model, there are two vertical tasks — an upstream task for improving the project's potential environment, and a downstream task for implementing the project. The downstream task must be done by the worker, but the upstream task can be done by either the manager or the worker. An effort for the upstream task is a hidden action of the party in charge of the task. The realized project environment is the manager's private information. We show that, when the upstream task is easy, the manager may assign the task to herself, even if her opportunity cost is larger than the worker's (a bias in favor of micro-management). When the upstream task is hard, by contrast, the manager may assign the task to the worker, even if her opportunity cost is smaller than the worker's (a bias in favor of macro-management). We also discuss distortions in the project output schedules in each case to show that the central trade-off is efficiency in task allocation versus efficiency in project output.
__label__0, The objective of the present study was to develop pH-independent/dependent sustained release (SR) tablets of ondansetron HCl dihydrate (OND), a selective 5-HT3 receptor antagonist that is used for prevention of nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy, radiotherapy and postoperative treatment. The challenge with the OND API is its pH-dependent solubility and relatively short elimination half-life. Therefore, investigations were made to solve these problems in the current study. Formulations were prepared using stearic acid as a binding agent via a melt granulation process in a twin-screw extruder. The micro-environmental pH of the tablet was manipulated by the addition of fumaric acid to enhance the solubility and release of OND from the tablet. The in vitro release study demonstrated sustained release for 24 h with 90% of drug release in formulations using stearic acid in combination with ethyl cellulose, whereas 100% drug release in 8 h for stearic acid-hydroxypropylcellulose matrices. The formulation release kinetics was correlated to the Higuchi diffusion model and a non-Fickian drug release mechanism. The results of the present study demonstrated for the first time the pH dependent release from hydrophilic-lipid matrices as well as pH independent release from hydrophobic-lipid matrices for OND SR tablets manufactured by means of a continuous melt granulation technique utilizing a twin-screw extruder.
__label__0, The effects of written information of key sensory characteristics of apple cultivars on hedonic ratings and willingness to pay (WTP) were measured in an experimental auction. Participants (n = 118, 95F, 23M, mean age 37 y.) rated, in three subsequent rounds, pleasantness and WTP based on (1) appearance only (n = 25), (2) appearance, written information and tasting (n = 44), or (3) appearance, tasting and written information (n = 49). Four domestic cultivars were described as medium sour and crispy (‘Amorosa’), sour and medium crispy (‘Konsta’), medium sweet and medium crispy (‘Lobo’) and sweet and medium crispy (‘Tobias’). The differences between the cultivars in pleasantness and WTP were minimal when the evaluation was based on appearance only. The effect of tasting after visual inspection was positive in three cultivars and negative in one (‘Konsta’). Written information after tasting did not affect pleasantness or WTP. For one cultivar (‘Tobias’), information given before tasting created expectations that were not fulfilled, thus tasting decreased hedonic ratings and WTP. Mean WTP was 2.36 euro/kg. When pleasantness increased by one point, WTP increased by 0.31–0.45 euro/kg. Regression models showed that pleasantness explained 38–55% of WTP. Respondents who reported consuming domestic apples more often than once a week had 0.52–0.74 euro/kg higher WTP than those who consumed them less frequently, suggesting that familiarity with the product increases WTP. Results indicate that both written information and tasting contribute to the ratings of pleasantness and WTP.
__label__0, Photo-elicitation interviews (PEIs) were conducted to explore the role of place in recovery – specifically, narrative identity reconstruction – among persons with complex needs. PEIs with 17 formerly homeless adults with co-occurring disorders in New York City produced 243 photos. Content analysis of photos revealed three categories – apartment, neighborhood and people. Two narrative themes – having my own and civic identity – were mapped onto the apartment and neighborhood categories, respectively. Three additional cross-categorical narrative themes were identified: (re)negotiating relationships and boundaries, moving beyond old identities and future possibilities.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Over 50 diamonds containing inclusion have been examined from four African localities; Premier Jagersfontein and Finsch kimberlites in South Africa, and the Williamson (or Mwadui) Mine, Tanzania. The results of the study confirm the previously reported observation that most mineral inclusions in diamond are generally similar irrespective of world-wide occurrence. For example, the inclusions belong to two distinct suites; one ultramafic (olivine, enstatite, Cr-pyrope, diopside, chromite) and the other eclogitic (pyrope-almandine, omphacite). In detail some chemical differences do exist, but these were insufficient to characterize the inclusions from any one mine. In general, however, compared to other world wide occurrences diamonds from the Premier Mine appear to contain more eclogitic-suite minerals (e.g. clinopyroxene and pyrope-almandine). Furthermore, a unique acmitic diopside was obtained in a diamond from this same mine. Diamonds from Jagersfontein contained two unusual pyropic garnets that appear transitional between the normal eclogitic and Cr-pyrope garnet inclusions. Possibly these two unusual minerals, the acmitic pyroxene and pyropic garnets may indicate a more diverse chemical environment than hitherto considered for diamond genesis.
__label__0, The Tunraq diatreme is a multiple intrusion of massive kimberlite cut by a composite dike of massive and fissile micaceous kimberlite. Megacrysts common to all facies are niobian rutile, ilmenite and garnet. Ilmenites are magnesian (8.4–17.5%Mg0), the most magnesian types occurring as mantles on rutile. Garnets are pyrope, Ti-pyrope, low Cr (<2.5%Cr203) pyrope and high chrome pyrope. The latter are considered to be derived by framentation of ultramafic xenoliths and the others to be true phenocrysts. Phlogopite (2–6%Ti02) is present as laths which are rounded, distorted and kink banded, and appear to have formed prior to fluidization. Phenocrystal and groundmass olivines range in composition from Fo92 to Fo87, the euhedral groundmass olivines being in general richer in Fe0 and CaO than the rounded pre-fluidization phenocrysts. Other groundmass minerals include iron rich serpentine, calcite, perovskite and spinel. The spinel assemblage is different to that observed in other Somerset Island kimberlites in being poorer in Al203. Spinels are all suhedral post-fluidization spinels of wide compositional range. In the massive kimberlite and fissile micaceous kimberlite the spinels range from titaniferous-magnesian-chromite to magnesian ulvospinel-ulvospinel-magnetite and in the massive micaceous kimberlite from titaniferous-magnesian-chromite to Ti-free magnetite. All three facies are considered to have been derived from the same batch of mantle derived magma by differing degrees of fractional crystallization at low pressure. The generation of micaceous kimberlites is considered not to be a function of low pressure differentiation of kimberlite as the trend towards micaceous kimberlit as exemplified by the presence of Al2O3 poor spinels, is induced in the mantle; low pressure differentiation merely emphasizes that trend. Thus the occurrence of kimberlite and micaceous kimberlite within the same kimberlitic magma province probably reflects different degrees of partial melting of the mantle and/or differentiation under high pressure.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The rheologies and deformation mechanisms of natural and hot-pressed synthetic amphibolite have been investigated at 0.5–1.5 GPa confining pressure, 650–950°C, and 10−4–10−7 s−1 strain rate in Griggs-Blacic solid medium apparatus. The natural amphibolite failed and then slid stably along sample-scale fault zones at every pressure, temperature, and strain rate investigated. In contrast, the synthetic samples deformed along sample-scale fault zones only at fast strain rates and low temperatures, and were ductile at slower strain rates and higher temperatures. This ductility was apparently caused by defects introduced throughout the synthetic samples during the hot pressing. The fault zones in the natural rock exhibited a transition from crystal-plastic to cataclastic deformation coincident with the onset of melting. Fault zones developed at subsolidus conditions contain plastically deformed crystals, whereas fault zones developed at hypersolidus conditions contain glass and cataclastically deformed crystals.
__label__0, Two gabbro samples from the Musgrave Ranges in central Australia are used to analyze the development of lattice preferred orientation of plagioclase during high temperature deformation. Crystal orientations were determined by Universal stage measurements. The dislocation microstructure was investigated with the transmission electron microscope. One sample with tabular grains shows strong lattice preferred orientation but the dislocation structure is poorly developed. The second sample with equiaxed plagioclase grains displays a regular dislocation structure with slip on (010) [001] and (001) 1/2[110], mechanical Pericline and Albite twinning and only weak preferred orientation. It is concluded that rigid body rotation due to anisotropic grain shape rather than intracrystalline glide is the dominant and most effective mechanism to produce preferred orientation in these rocks.
__label__0, From an examination of the range of experimental conditions that might be expected to lead to the most relevant experiments for use in extrapolating results to geological conditions, it is concluded that, in general, relatively high temperatures, low stress differences, and small grain size should be favoured. From these requirements, the desirable design parameters for high-pressure deformation apparatus are deduced, and the description of a recently-built gas-medium testing machine, designed to meet the requirements, is given. Finally, specimen jacketing and buffering arrangements are discussed.
__label__0, To understand the ductile flow of rocks, experimental deformation studies must be performed at high temperature (to activate the appropriate mechanisms) and high pressure (to inhibit microcracking and cavitation). Such studies have been hampered by the inability to collect data of high quality at pressures greater than 500 MPa. We have developed a specimen assembly for the “solid-medium” apparatus that utilizes molten salt as the medium surrounding the specimen. Data collected with this liquid cell are much more accurate and precise than can be obtained with conventional solid-medium assemblies because an accurate measurement of friction is automatically made in each experiment. We have used this cell to conduct experiments on metals and silicates over a range of pressures from 0.1–3200 HPa at temperatures of 900–1700 K. Our measurements are in good agreement with gas-medium apparatus; they show that friction in the standard solid-medium cell can represent a large fraction of the apparent strength of the material. Currently, we can reliably measure strengths of less than about 10 MPa; we expect improvements in the near future to reduce this limit to a few MPa.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:            Introduction   Geological and Oceanographic Settings   Seafloor Morphology and Surface Sediments   Nearshore MUD Belt   Sand Ridges (Core YSDP 104)   Discussion   Conclusions
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Waves in space plasmas are important not only because they act as a signature of local plasma conditions, and therefore have value as a diagnostic tool, but also because they can profoundly affect the macroscopic evolution of space plasmas by modifying transport properties (“anomalous transport”). Recent results from numerical simulations using generalized fluid codes [S. Ganguli and P.J. Palmadesso, J. Geophys. Res., 92, 8673, 1987], indicate that anomalous transport due to the current driven ion cyclotron instability plays an important role in the Magnetosphere-Ionosphere coupling process. In this regard, a new class of nonlocal instabilities sustained by shears in the ambient flows is of special interest since these instabilities can be excited at lower altitudes (unlike the current driven ion cyclotron instability) and can provide local heat sources. Hence, the velocity shear driven instabilities may be very important, especially to ion upflow processes such as the ‘ion cleft fountain'. Shears in the flow velocities, both parallel and perpendicular to the ambient magnetic field, are often encountered in space plasmas. The free energy residing in the velocity shears is capable of driving various instabilities and influencing others and thereby influencing macroscopic plasma behavior such as transport. Recent observations indicate significant correlations of turbulence with shears in the flow velocities. In this paper we develop a general nonlocal kinetic theory of electrostatic waves that can be excited in a magnetized warm plasma with nonuniform plasma flows along and across the ambient magnetic field, a typical scenario often encountered in magnetospheric and ionospheric plasmas. We discuss the various instabilities as limiting cases of the general theory and examine the interaction of shears in the flows parallel and perpendicular to the ambient magnetic field.
__label__0, The chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Retarding Ion Mass Spectrometer (RIMS) observations made from the Dynamics Explorer 1 satellite are averaged over one minute intervals and used to derive over 20,000 measurements of hydrogen ion temperatures. Temperatures are sorted by L-shell, local time, magnetic (Kp) and solar activity (F10.7). Average temperatures increase with L-shell. On lower L-shells, L < 3, the average temperatures increase with F10.7 but are generally less than 0.8 eV. No dependence on geomagnetic activity is found for L-shells less than 2. On higher L-shells, the average temperature increases with Kp, in some cases reaching a maximum of about 25 eV, but is usually less than 15 eV. In the lower L-shells, diurnal effects are small, less than 0.15 eV, for low F10.7 and less than 0.1 eV for high F10.7. On the higher L-shells the temperature appears to be independent of day-night conditions and of F10.7 flux. The behavior of the average temperature is indicative of both an ionospheric and an outer plasmaspheric heat source for plasmaspheric ions.
__label__0, A time-dependent three fluid (H+ and O+ ions and electrons) one-stream interhemispheric plasma flow model is used to investigate plasmaspheric refilling. In the model, the coupled time-dependent hydrodynamic equations (continuity, momentum and energy) of a two-ion quasineutral, currentless plasma are solved for a closed geomagnetic field line. for the present set of calculations, an L = 2 field line was used. Energy deposition from the magnetosphere was simulated by including an equatorial heat source for electrons. A steady-state solution was found and used as the initial condition in a subsequent simulation of the effect of a density depletion. The density depletion was modeled by reducing the densities by an arbitrary factor above 2500 km altitude, while keeping the velocities and temperatures unchanged. Shock structures develop which move up the field line, meeting and reflecting at the equator. The reflected shocks are absorbed by the dense neutral atmosphere when they reach the model flux tube boundaries. After the upwelling streams collide, refilling occurs from the equator downward for two to three hours; thereafter, there is steady refilling from the ionospheres upward.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Characterizing how the Indian Ocean dipole (IOD) modifies typical basin-wide dynamical variability has been vigorously pursued over the past decade. Along with this dynamic response, a clear biological impact has been revealed in the ocean color data acquired by remote sensing platforms such as Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-View Sensor (SeaWiFS). The signature feature illustrating IOD alteration of typical spatiotemporal chlorophyll variability is the phytoplankton bloom that first appears in September along the eastern boundary of the IO in tropical waters that are normally highly oligotrophic. Positive chlorophyll anomalies (CLa) are also apparent in the southeastern Bay of Bengal, while negative anomalies are observed over much of the Arabian Sea. Moreover, in situ measurements obtained by the R/V Suroit as part of the Cirene cruise during the 2006/2007 IOD reveal anomalous subsurface biochemical distributions in the southern tropical IO that are not reflected in SeaWiFS data. Despite the clear basin-wide influence of IOD events on biological variability, the accompanying influence on biogeochemical cycling that must occur has received little attention. Here, the dynamical signatures apparent in remote sensing fields for the two positive-phase IODs of the SeaWiFS era are used to illuminate how these events are similar or distinct. A corresponding comparison of IOD-engendered surface CLa is performed, with the dynamical fields providing the framework for interpreting the mechanisms underlying the biological response. Then, results from a newly developed net primary production algorithm are presented that provide the first characterization of how biogeochemical fluxes throughout the IO are altered by IOD occurrence
__label__0, Our whimsical title reflects our dismay over the rampant confusion regarding the use of key concepts from thermodynamics and information theory in various disciplines, but especially in relation to theories of biological evolution. After a brief introduction to this challenging literature, we begin by drawing a critically important distinction between ‘order’ and the informed ‘functional organization’ that characterizes living systems. We then outline what we believe is the appropriate paradigm for theorizing about the role of energy and information in biological processes; in essence, our paradigm is cybernetic. This is followed by a brief discussion of thermodynamics, with particular reference to its application to living systems. Two concepts that are well developed in the engineering literature but not commonly used elsewhere provide an approach that we believe is both more rigorous and more readily understood, namely the ‘control volume’ frame of reference and the concept of ‘available energy’. Both of these concepts are defined in precise mathematical terms. We also critique some of the misuses of thermodynamic concepts. In Part II, we will discuss what we call the ‘thermoeconomics’ of living systems—that is, a cybernetic and economic approach to analyzing the role of available energy in biological evolution—and we will relate this paradigm to a distinction that we draw between various statistical and/or structural definitions of information and what we call ‘control information’. We will critique information theory and we will define control information in cybernetic terms not as a ‘thing’ but as an attribute of the relationships between things—namely, the capacity (know-how) to control the acquisition, disposition and utilization of matter/energy in purposive (teleonomic) processes. We will also suggest how control information can be measured empirically, and we will propose a methodology for linking thermodynamics and information theory that contrasts sharply with existing approaches to this problem. Finally, we will argue that in living systems thermodynamic processes may be subject to certain law-like ‘bioeconomic’ principles. We will also elucidate some implications. © 1998 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
__label__0, Die Arbeit zeigt, daß die Saugkerzenmethodik trotz viel diskutierter Probleme die derzeit einfachste und beste Möglichkeit darstellt, Bodenwasser — besonders an extremen Standorten wie der Arktis — zu gewinnen. Es wird außerdem darauf hingewiesen, daß — obwohl man sich an alle Standards zur Installation, Probenbehandlung und -auswertung gehalten hat — die Ergebnisse des Bodenwasserchemismus eine bisher ungeklärte Repräsentanz aufweisen. Auf der Basis von ca. 1850 Proben wird die räumliche und zeitliche Heterogenität des Bodenwasserchemismus dargestellt. Die anschließende Diskussion stellt einen Alternativvorschlag der Datendarstellung vor.
__label__0, This study focused upon quantitatively determining the influence of permeant molecular size upon flux enhancement which results from electroosmosis. The first phase of the study involved validation of a fundamental model describing the molecular size dependence of flux enhancement which results from convective solvent flow. This was accomplished using a model synthetic membrane (stack of 50 Nuclepore membranes) and four model permeants with a molecular weight range of 60–504 (urea, mannitol, sucrose, and raffinose). The steady-state flux of each permeant was determined under passive conditions and applied voltages of 125, 250, 500, and 1000 mV using side-by-side diffusion cells and a four-electrode potentiostat system. On the basis of the permeability enhancement for each permeant at each applied voltage (relative to the passive permeability) it was possible to calculate the effective solvent flow velocity from each permeant at each field strength. An important finding was that the flux enhancement due to electroosmosis was strongly molecular weight dependent (i.e., the flux enhancement ratio was around 4 times greater for raffinose than for urea, with mannitol and sucrose yielding intermediate values), while the calculated effective flow velocity at each voltage was independent of the molecular weight of the permeant. This coupled with a linear correlation between flow velocity and applied voltage served to establish the validity of the method and model. The second phase of the study was an extension of the model to human epidermal membrane (HEM). These experiments involved simultaneously measuring the fluxes of [14C]urea and [3H]sucrose across HEM samples under passive, 250 mV, and 500 mV conditions. Similar to the Nuclepore system, the observed flux enhancement ratios with HEM were approximately 3 times greater for sucrose than for urea. A detailed analysis of the HEM data showed semiquantitative agreement between predictions of the model and experimental results.
__label__0, A highly sensitive assay for the measurement of all-trans-retinoic acid (tretinoin) and 13-cis-retinoic acid (isotretinoin) has been developed. Collected plasma samples were protein precipitated with 2-propanol followed by solid phase extraction. The retinoic acids were subsequently derivatized to their pentafluorobenzyl esters followed by separation and isolation by reverse phase high-pressure liquid chromatography. The HPLC eluate was directed to a mass spectrometer via a particle beam interface. Selected ion monitoring (299 m/z) for the retinoic acid's carboxylate anion produced by negative chemical ionization using methane reagent gas achieved minimum detection limits of 25 pg injected. Endogenous blood levels in 19 male and 9 female subjects were measured. It was found that females have significantly more all-trans-retinoic acid than males and that both sexes demonstrate significantly more all-trans-retinoic acid then 13-cis-retinoic acid.
__label__0, Nadolol, a nonspecific β-blocker, is a racemate composed of equal amounts of four stereoisomers, namely, SQ-12148, SQ-12149, SQ-12150, and SQ-12151. In an open-label, randomized, four-period crossover study, the pharmacokinetics of nadolol and its stereoisomers and the bioequivalence of two formulations of nadolol were assessed in 20 healthy male subjects following a single dose (80 mg) and multiple doses (80 mg; once daily for 7 days). A standard granulated tablet and direct compressed tablet formulations, each containing 80 mg of nadolol, with different in vitro dissolution profiles that met current USP requirements were used. The four treatments were single and multiple doses of granulated tablet, and single and multiple doses of compressed tablet. There was a 7 day washout period between successive treatments. All doses of nadolol were administered after an overnight fast. Serial blood samples were collected up to 72 h following the single dose and during multiple dose treatments, following day 6 and 7 doses. Validated high-performance liquid chromatographic assays were applied to measure nadolol and its stereoisomers in the study samples. Plasma concentration data were subjected to noncompartmental pharmacokinetic analysis. Both Cmax and AUC values were significantly greater for SQ-12150 when compared to other nadolol stereoisomers obtained after a single dose or at steady state. However, Tmax and T1/2 values were similar among the four isomers. The observed steady state AUCτ values for nadolol (2278–2331 ng h/mL) or its stereoisomers (550–874 ng h/mL) were significantly greater than those predicted from the single dose AUCinf values (nadolol, 1840–1845 ng h/mL; isomers, 450–713 ng h/mL). The intrasubject variability, computed from multiple dose data, was generally greater for the stereoisomers (17–40%) than for nadolol (10–32%). The two formulations were bioequivalent for nadolol (Cmax = 0.98 [84%, 117%]; AUCinf = 1.03 [93%, 116%]) and SQ-12150 (Cmax = 1.12 [89%, 122%]; AUCinf = 0.98 [82%, 119%]) after a single dose, and only for nadolol (Cmax = 1.07 [84%, 118%]; AUCinf = 1.02 [91%, 113%]) at steady state.
__label__0, Sugars and polyols have been used routinely with lyophilized proteins and peptides as bulking agents, cryoprotectants, and lyopro-tectants. However, reducing sugars may present a problem as excipients since they are potentially reactive with proteins. In this stability study of recombinant human relaxin (Rlx) with various sugars as excipients in lyophilized formulations, we observed rapid covalent modifications of the protein in the presence of glucose. Analysis of the protein by LC/MS and tryptic mapping indicated two major degradation pathways. Covalent adducts of glucose with amino groups on the side chains of the protein (i.e., Lys and Arg) formed via the Maillard reaction. In addition, a significant amount of Ser cleavage from the C-terminal of the B-chain of relaxin was also identified when glucose was used as the excipient. It was observed that the latter reaction occurred to a greater extent in the solid state than in solution. We proposed a mechanism for this reaction involving an initial reaction of the Ser hydroxyl group with glucose followed by subsequent hydrolysis of the Trp–Ser amide bond via a cyclic intermediate. In contrast to glucose, mannitol (polyhydric alcohol) and trehalose (nonreducing sugar) produced stable, lyophilized formulations of Rlx.
__label__0, Incorporation of 2′-β-fluoro-2′,3′-dideoxyadenosine (F-ddA), a recently developed anti-HIV agent, into the cellular DNA of human MOLT-4 cells has been compared with the DNA incorporation seen with fialuridine (FIAU; 1-[2′-deoxy-2′-fluoro-β-D-arabinofuranosyl]-5-iodouracil), a potent anti-hepatitis B (anti-HBV) nucleoside analogue recently found to cause severe hepatic toxicity in human subjects. At equimolar concentrations (10 µM), incorporation of F-ddA was less than 1% of that for FIAU, a difference attributable to the lack of a 3′-hydroxyl group in the former compound and a consequent inability of F-ddA, unlike FIAU, to form DNA internucleotide linkages.
__label__0, The release mechanisms of a small molecular drug from biodegradable poly(d,I-lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA) cylindrical matrices were investigated. Isoniazid (INH), one of the most effective drugs against tuberculosis (TB), was selected as the model drug. Controlled-release matrices consisting of the drug and polymer were fabricated by two methods. The first of these, the dry-mixing method, involved the extrusion of a mixture of micronized drug and polymer particles as rods. In the second technique, the low density polymeric foam method, drug particles were enclosed in the cells of porous polymeric foams prior to extrusion. In vitro, the dry-mixed matrices released INH more rapidly than the polymeric foam matrices. The Roseman–Higuchi diffusion model, which had previously been found to be effective in analyzing the release kinetics of INH from the dry-mixed matrices, also fit the kinetics of INH released from matrices prepared from polymeric foams. This indicated that the release was still diffusion-controlled rather than degradation-controlled. The release mechanisms were further investigated, and two diffusion mechanisms, pore diffusion and lattice diffusion, were proposed for the INH controlled-release matrices according to the way in which they were prepared. Matrices prepared by the dry-mixing method appear to segregate drug particles along polymer grain boundaries and thus have a pore diffusion mechanism, while matrices prepared by the foam method entrap drug within the porous structure of foams and thus display a lattice diffusion mechanism. Theoretically, these two diffusion mechanisms can be identified by their activation energies for diffusion. With varying in vitro temperature, the activation energies were calculated from plots of ln(D/T) vs T−1 and ln D vs T−1, where D is the diffusivity and T is the in vitro temperature in K. According to the results, we concluded that the INH from the dry-mixed matrices diffused through the drug channels filled with the medium, while the INH from the foam matrices diffused through the polymer lattice.
__label__0, Postoperative fever occurs in many surgical patients, due to release of pyrogens into the circulation. Pyrogens and fever may influence the pharmacokinetics and effects of drugs. The aim of this study was to investigate the interactions of a pyrogen with the opioid analgesic alfentanil in an animal model. Alfentanil was infused over 10 min into 17 conscious rabbits and over 120 min in another 12 animals. Some of them had been randomized to pretreatment with Escherichia coli endotoxin. Arterial plasma concentrations of alfentanil were determined repeatedly, and arterial blood gas values were recorded. Endotoxin antagonized the respiratory depressant effect of the 10-min infusion of alfentanil by increasing drug distribution clearance during the infusion. In addition, endotoxin raised the total volume of distribution of alfentanil from 0.70 to 1.4 L/kg. Plasma protein binding and elimination clearance were not affected. The increase in volume of distribution and the lack of effect of endotoxin on elimination clearance were confirmed in the 120-min infusion experiments. Apparent concentration–effect relationships for the actions of alfentanil on arterial CO2, O2, and pH were not influenced by the endotoxin. Circulating pyrogens can thus influence the pharmacokinetics and, indirectly, the effects of alfentanil.
__label__0, We have hypothesized that antidrug antibodies (ADAb) may be employed to impart site-specific alterations in the disposition of drug molecules, potentially allowing for targeted drug therapy. We are specifically interested in minimizing systemic exposure to free drug and systemic toxicities resultant from regional chemotherapy through the intravenous administration of ADAb. In this report, we present the production and purification of anti-methotrexate Fab fragments, and we present investigations of the effects of anti-methotrexate Fab and anti-methotrexate immunoglobulin G on the disposition of methotrexate in the rat. Pharmacokinetic studies revealed that intravenous anti-methotrexate immunoglobulin G (anti-MTX IgG) and anti-methotrexate Fab (anti-MTX Fab) administration produced dramatic alterations in the plasma phar-macokinetics of methotrexate (MTX), following intraperitoneal MTX administration (area under the total MTX concentration vs time curve for anti-MTX IgG relative to control, 420 ± 90 (p < 0.05); for anti-MTX Fab relative to control, 46 ± 6.1 (p < 0.05); area under the free MTX concentration vs time curve for anti-MTX IgG relative to control, 0.64 ± 0.16; for anti-MTX Fab relative to control, 0.45 ± 0.20 (p < 0.05)). Additional studies conducted in anesthetized rats revealed no significant alterations in the area under the total peritoneal MTX concentration vs time curves, free MTX peritoneal concentration vs time curves, or peritoneal exit rate of MTX in anti-MTX Fab treated animals relative to controls. Therefore, our pharmacokinetic studies demonstrate that ADAb may produce site-specific alterations in drug pharmacokinetics, potentially enhancing the site specificity of drug distribution and drug action following regional chemotherapy.
__label__0, Insulin injections control diabetes mellitus but do not reproduce physiologic regulation. Polymer-based controlled-release technology has enabled us to demonstrate: that the controlled release of insulin from polymer matrices can indeed be used to control diabetes mellitus but does so at the expense of hyperinsulinemia and hypoglycemia; and that somatostatin can be delivered in similar fashion, so as to provide glucose homeostasis in a more physiologic range, at lower insulin levels and at somatostatin doses below those used in intermittent infusion studies; and, that microgram quantities of a drug can be delivered successfully in vivo with intact biological function and in a manner that can be monitored continuously. In the present study the simultaneous polymer-matrix-controlled release of insulin with somatostatin extended glycemic control in diabetic rats. Eleven rats received subcutaneous polymer matrix implants containing insulin alone and 11 rats received implants containing insulin and somatostatin. Plasma and urinary glucose control were improved in both groups. Glucose concentrations in the insulin alone group remained depressed for 5 days until insulin release from the matrices declined below 11.6 units/kg/day. When somatostatin was delivered at 0.75–1.1 µg/kg/day together with insulin, plasma glucose control persisted for 12 days until insulin release decreased below 3.6 units/kg/day. It is our hope that further experiments regarding the potential role of both controlled-release devices and somatostatin will be performed to provide continuing therapeutic alternatives to the insulin-dependent diabetic. This is also the first in vivo demonstration of the simultaneous release of two biologically active peptide hormones from polymer matrices. The use of the polymer matrix systems may not only have profound effects on the ambulatory care of diabetes but might also permit the investigation of the synergistic effects of other families of compounds.
__label__0, One current challenge for nurse educators is to examine effective nursing assessment tools which integrate nursing knowledge into practice. Authentic assessment allows nursing students to apply knowledge to real-life experiences. Contextualized cases have engaged students for preparation of diverse clinical situations and develop critical thinking skills.
__label__0, The present study encompasses the results of a comprehensive performance assessment of different pilot-scale Pd/Alloy composite asymmetric membranes under long-term coal-derived syngas atmosphere testing. The membranes were developed and tested first at the CIMS-WPI laboratory under pure H2 and later at NCCC under a mixture of N2/H2 and H2 enriched syngas coming from a TRIG™ gasification system. Thirteen membranes were examined for 4275 h and classified in four types: Pd, Pd/Au, Pd/Pt and Pd/Au/Pt membranes. Their respective H2 permeance and purity profiles, permeance difference under pure hydrogen and syngas conditions as well as stability of operation were assessed. The membranes showed good stability in syngas although exhibiting an initial drop in permeance when compared to that under pure hydrogen. Pure Pd membranes displayed the highest permeability, but showed pinholes after being exposed to syngas. Pd/Pt membranes showed a reduced permeance drop under syngas conditions, indicating sulfur resistance properties. Furthermore, Pd/Au/Pt membranes, presented for the first time in the literature, displayed stable permeance and purity profile. The inhibition of the initial permeance drop and the long-term operation of these ternary membranes were demonstrated. Finally, Pd/Au membranes were shown to display the most stable permeance and purity characteristics. In this case, the initial permeance drop was significantly reduced, exhibiting the lowest decline amongst all cases considered. It is hypothesized that Au may act as a patch paste blocking defects on the Pd layer.
__label__0, Very long-chain acyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency (VLCADD) is a rare mitochondrial fatty acid β-oxidation disorder. We aimed to explore the clinical, biochemical, and genetic findings, treatments and outcomes in eight Chinese VLCADD patients.
__label__0, By using Moreau's decomposition theorem for projecting onto cones, the problem of projecting onto a simplicial cone is reduced to finding the unique solution of a nonsmooth system of equations. It is shown that Picard's method applied to the system of equations associated with the problem of projecting onto a simplicial cone generates a sequence that converges linearly to the solution of the system. Numerical experiments are presented making the comparison between Picard's and semi-smooth Newton's methods to solve the nonsmooth system associated with the problem of projecting a point onto a simplicial cone.
__label__0, We investigate the interface between Au catalysts and a Ge(1 1 1) substrate. This system is achieved by dewetting an Au layer above the Au–Ge eutectic temperature. We show by high resolution transmission electron microscopy that a large amount of Ge can be moved over a surface of Ge(1 1 1) by using assistance of eutectic Au–Ge droplets. This localization is achieved thanks to the ability of nano Au–Ge droplets to incorporate a large amount of Ge and to release it by cooling down the sample at room temperature. This makes the localization process irreversible with respect to annealing at a very high temperature. The extra Ge supplied by precipitation is in epitaxy with the Ge(1 1 1) substrate. This reflects in macroscopic I(V) measurements.
__label__0, Bacterial wilt, which is caused by Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens pv. flaccumfaciens (Cff), has recently emerged in common bean, lima bean, and cowpea plants in the provinces of East Azerbaijan and Markazi in the northwestern and central regions of Iran, respectively. Because the development of wilt-resistant common bean cultivars is the most cost-effective and lasting method for controlling the disease, this study was conducted to evaluate the common bean germplasms provided by the Khomein Bean Research Station (Khomein County, Markazi Province) for their resistance to Cff. Forty-three common bean genotypes were used in this study, and the node infiltration method was used to inoculate common bean seedlings at the V3 stage of development. Based on the disease severity index (DSI) values, the brown pinto ks21186 line, the red pinto Chili landrace, and the brown pinto ks21193 line were identified as resistant to the highly virulent yellow variant of the bacterial wilt pathogen Cffcb124 strain (DSI: 0.85, 0.9 and 0.92 out of 4.0, respectively). Among the three resistant germplasms, the ks21186 line was also resistant to other strains of the pathogen isolated from cowpea (Cffcw13 and Cffcw11), lima bean (Cffcb122), and common bean (Cffcb145 and Cffcb125) (mean DSI: 0.77). The mean DSI values of the ks21193 line and the Chili landrace were higher than the DSI threshold, below which indicates resistance (DSI: 1.14 and 1.22, respectively). This study concludes that a new bacterial wilt-resistant line (ks21186) exists among the common bean varieties at the Khomein Bean Research Station of Iran.
__label__0, The [FeFe]-hydrogenase of Rhodospirillum rubrum (Rr-HydA; Rru_A0310) was expressed in an Escherichia coli strain co-expressing the hydrogenase maturation proteins HydE, HydF, and HydG from Clostridium acetobutylicum (Ca-HydEFG). Rr-HydA, which purified as a 50 kDa protein, showed an in vitro H2-evolving activity in the presence of dithionite-reduced methyl viologen. The ability of Rr-HydA to carry out H2-evolving activity when heterologously expressed in a Rhodobacter sphaeroides nifDK hupSL mutant containing the genes coding for Ca-HydEFG was examined. Photoheterotrophic H2 evolution was only observed in the presence of Rr-HydB [Rru_A0309 (22 kDa)], which is encoded by a gene located immediately upstream from the gene encoding Rr-HydA. Rr-HydB contains Fe–S cluster(s). Consistently, in a reaction mixture containing spinach ferredoxin oxidoreductase and NADPH, H2 was evolved when both Rr-HydA and Rr-HydB were present together, and the rate of H2 evolution by Rr-HydA was proportional to the level of Rr-HydB until an equimolar ratio of the two proteins was reached. Thus, it is proposed that Rr-HydB acts as Rr-HydA-specific ferredoxin that donates electrons to Rr-HydA through a direct molecular interaction.
__label__0, The purpose of this study was to quantify the amount of steel fibers needed to supplement the minimum distributed side face reinforcement requirement for deep beams. The ability of steel fibers to supplant conventional reinforcement was quantified in terms of the serviceability performance or maximum diagonal crack width measured during testing. To achieve the goal of this study, the research plan included the fabrication and testing of nine 300 mm wide by 460 mm deep specimens with a shear span-to-depth ratio of 1.8. Experimental variables included the volumetric percentage of steel fibers and transverse web reinforcement. The diagonal crack widths for specimens were compared with one another and this relationship was used to quantify their serviceability performance. Upon completion of the proposed study, the authors observed that the serviceability performance of deep beams reinforced solely with fibers was equivalent to beams reinforced solely with conventional web reinforcement. The performance of beams reinforced with a combination of steel fibers and conventional reinforcement was further improved. These results provide preliminary support for replacing conventional web reinforcement in deep beams with steel fibers.
__label__0, In this study, the microwave dielectric properties of Zn2SnO4 ceramics prepared by the conventional solid-state method were investigated for application in mobile communication. ZnO–B2O3–SiO2 was selected as a liquid sintering aid to reduce the sintering temperature of Zn2SnO4 ceramics. By adding 3.0 wt.% ZnO–B2O3–SiO2, a dielectric constant of 11.44 and a quality factor (Q × f) of 33,000 GHz were obtained when Zn2SnO4 ceramics were sintered at 1075 °C for 4 h. The proposed CPW-fed inverted-U shaped monopole antenna has a 6 dB return loss with bandwidth 204 MHz (2371–2575 MHz) in the lower band, 1520 MHz (3130–4650 MHz) in the middle band, and 460 MHz (5250–5710 MHz) in the higher band.
__label__0, Rare-earth (RE) mischmetal modification, homogenous annealing and rolling techniques were used to improve the microstructure and mechanical properties of an Al−1Fe alloy. Al3Fe, Al6Fe and Al3Ce intermetallic phases were found in the RE-modified alloys in the as-cast state. The RE modification refined the α-Al grains, resulting in a divorced eutectic and the formation of the Al−Fe phases in the forms of discontinuous networks, flakes and particles. Elemental La dissolved in the Al−Ce phases but did not dissolve in the Al−Fe phases. The dissolution of elemental Ce in the Al−Fe phase along with homogeneous annealing caused the claw-like Al−Fe phases to transform into short flakes and particles, which were uniformly distributed in the matrix by the rolling processes. A 0.3 wt% RE modification had the optimized effect on the microstructure and mechanical properties, while a 0.4 wt% RE addition resulted in the aggregation of the Al−Ce particles, which then deteriorated the mechanical properties of the alloys.
__label__0, The present study aims to evaluate the prevalence, pattern of spread and risk factors for the transmission of cryptosporidiosis in foals and mares hospitalized in a University Equine Perinatology Unit, where a new subtype family of Cryptosporidium horse genotype was described by Caffara et al. (2013). Mares (36) and foals (37) hospitalized during the 2012 foaling season were included. Multiple sampling from each animal was performed (a total of 305 stool samples were collected). One hundred and eleven environmental samples (gauze swabs) were also collected before and after the breeding season. Fourteen foals were found positive for Cryptosporidium spp. by PCR in at least one sample; a total of 35 foal stool specimens were confirmed for the presence of the protozoa. Instead none of the stool specimens from mares were found positive. PCR-RFLP analysis shows Cryptosporidium parvum in 5 stool samples and Cryptosporidium horse genotype in 21. In 9 specimens, from 4 different foals, the profile was suggestive for a mixed infection. The subtyping at gp60 locus showed 2 strains as members of the subtype family IId and six of the subfamily IIa of C. parvum. Twenty isolates were identified as Cryptosporidium horse genotype subtype VIaA15G4. Five gauze swabs collected from the walls of the boxes where the animals were hosted out of 111 environmental samples examined were PCR positive for Cryptosporidium spp. Cryptosporidium parvum was detected in one sample collected before the foaling season, while Cryptosporidium horse genotype profile was observed in 4 wall samples collected at the end of the 2012 foaling season. The prevalence observed in foals (37.8%) was higher than that reported in other studies. These features and the diffusion of the same genotype point out as the EPU, where critically ill foals are hospitalized, can support the spread of cryptosporidiosis. Therefore, the manual tasks and the activities carried out in these facilities are of great importance, as they might favor the diffusion of the infection.
__label__0, In this study the influence of various Bi additions on the microstructure and corrosion behavior of the Mg–1.2Ca–xBi alloys (x = 0.5, 1.5, 3, 5, 12 wt.%) were evaluated by using optical and scanning electron microscopy, immersion and electrochemical tests. Microstructural observations showed that the refinement efficiency became more pronounced with increased Bi amount. Microstructural results of Mg–1.2Ca–xBi (x = 0.5, 1.5, and 3) indicated that the formation of three distinct phases—namely α-Mg, Mg2Ca and Mg3Bi2. However, further addition of Bi to 5 and 12 wt.% leads to evolution of α-Mg, Mg3Bi2, and Mg2Bi2Ca phases. The addition of Bi up to 0.5 wt.% enhanced corrosion resistance while further addition from 1.5 to 12 wt.% accelerated the degradation rate because of the emergence of more galvanic coupling between the α-Mg phases and secondary phases. The analyses showed that the Mg–1.2Ca–0.5Bi alloy gives the best corrosion resistance behavior, which makes it ideal for biodegradable medical applications.
__label__0, Dans la leucémie myéloïde chronique (LMC), malgré un bénéfice clinique évident du nilotinib, inhibiteur de tyrosine kinase de 2e génération, chez les patients résistants ou intolérants à l’imatinib et chez les patients nouvellement diagnostiqués, des données récentes suggèrent que le nilotinib a une propension à augmenter le risque d’événements occlusifs artériels.
__label__0, Frozen pork meat was thawed under high pressure (100–500 MPa) and physicochemical and histological parameters (thawing loss, tenderness, color, drip, ultrastructure, etc.) were compared with those of meat thawed by running water.
__label__0, Endothelial cells in straight sections of vessels are known to elongate and align in the direction of flow. This phenotype has been replicated in confluent monolayers of bovine aortic endothelial cells and human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) in cell culture under physiological shear stress. Here we report on the morphological response of human brain microvascular endothelial cells (HBMECs) in confluent monolayers in response to shear stress. Using a microfluidic platform we image confluent monolayers of HBMECs and HUVECs under shear stresses up to 16 dyne cm− 2. From live-cell imaging we quantitatively analyze the cell morphology and cell speed as a function of time. We show that HBMECs do not undergo a classical transition from cobblestone to spindle-like morphology in response to shear stress. We further show that under shear stress, actin fibers are randomly oriented in the cells indicating that there is no cytoskeletal remodeling. These results suggest that HBMECs are programmed to resist elongation and alignment under shear stress, a phenotype that may be associated with the unique properties of the blood–brain barrier.
__label__0, The aim of this study is to obtain a model that can simulate the performance of an industrial Fluidised Catalytic Cracking (FCC) unit in steady and dynamic state and which will subsequently be used in studies of control and real time optimisation. In this paper, a dynamic model for a R2R type FCC unit is presented. The model includes the riser, the stripper/disengager, the regeneration system and the catalyst transport lines. Mass, energy and pressure balances are performed for each of these sections. Simulation results for steady and dynamic states are presented and compared qualitatively with those from previous FCC models.
__label__0, This exploratory study examined the effectiveness of smartphone-based, AR artifact creation and other mobile collaborative learning activities in reinforcing the technological pedagogical content knowledge (TPACK) of pre-service teachers. Adopting a mixed-method research design, the study indicated that mobile AR artifact creation with peer discussion tended to better promote the componential competencies of technological pedagogical knowledge (TPK) and the integrative development of technological pedagogical content knowledge (TPACK), whereas mobile media artifact viewing with peer discussion seemed to better support the content knowledge (CK) development.
__label__0, The effect of steam on coking by cyclopentane (H2O injected during coking) and on the regeneration (H2O injected after coking) of alumina-supported Pt, Re, Ir and Rh catalysts was studied. The mechanism of coke formation on Ir, Re and Rh is similar to the mechanism proposed for Pt (dehydrogenation on the metal, polymerization of cyclopentadiene on the support, desorption of H2 via a reverse spillover). Nevertheless the large differences observed in the dehydrogenation activities of the four metals parallel significant changes in coking rates (Pt>Rh=Ir> >Re). When injected during coking, steam decreases the amounts of coke deposited on the support. Regenerative treatments in steam of coked Pt and Re catalysts gasify essentially the carbon deposited on the metal. The coke produced on Ir and Rh is very reactive with steam which will then gasify a significant part of the carbon deposited on the support. These results can be explained by the differences, on the coked catalyst, of the coke structure, the coke location and the mobility of the oxygen species, the latter determined by complementary experiments of 18O/16O isotopic exchange.
__label__0, In this work, a novel robust image hashing scheme for image authentication is proposed based on the combination of the quaternion discrete Fourier transform (QDFT) with the log-polar transform. QDFT offers a sound way to jointly deal with the three channels of color images. The key features of the present method rely on (i) the computation of a secondary image using a log-polar transform; and (ii) the extraction from this image of low frequency QDFT coefficients' magnitude. The final image hash is generated according to the correlation of these magnitude coefficients and is scrambled by a secret key to enhance the system security. Experiments were conducted in order to analyze and identify the most appropriate parameter values of the proposed method and also to compare its performance to some reference methods in terms of receiver operating characteristics curves. The results show that the proposed scheme offers a good sensitivity to image content alterations and is robust to the common content-preserving operations, and especially to large angle rotation operations.
__label__0, In order to design a robot which can automatically recognize and locate apples for harvesting, a machine vision system was developed. Three algorithms used in the vision system to recognize and locate apples were described in this study. An apple recognition algorithm with color difference R − G and color difference ratio (R − G)/(G − B) was presented. If a pixel met R − G > 0 and (R − G)/(G − B) > 1, either the pixel was identified as an apple, else the pixel was background. The fruit shape features were extracted from contour images based on random ring method (RRM). A matching algorithm based on area and epipolar geometry was discussed to locate the apples. The apples with similar areas were matched according to the principle of ordering constraint by calculating the maximum value of cross-correlation function of vertical projections. The experiment results showed that the proposed recognition method could eliminate the influences of shade and soil. Over 89.5% of fruits were successfully recognized from 160 tested images. The circle centers and radii were extracted precisely based on the random ring method. The errors were less than 20 mm when the measuring distance was between 400 mm and 1500 mm.
__label__0, Falling causes long term disability and can even lead to death. Most falls occur during gait. Therefore improving gait stability might be beneficial for people at risk of falling. Recently arm swing has been shown to influence gait stability. However at present it remains unknown which mode of arm swing creates the most stable gait.
__label__0, Supervised learning approaches to image segmentation receive considerable interest due to their power and flexibility. However, the training phase is not painless, often being long and tedious. Accurate image labelling can take several hours of expert operators’ valuable time. User interfaces are often specifically designed to assist the user for the task at hand. This is clearly unfeasible for most application domains.
__label__0, This study included 6,398 participants (mean age 55 ± 0.34 years; 54% female; 49% white; 22% black; 24% Mexican; 4.3% other) free of clinical cardiovascular disease (CVD) and major ECG abnormalities. Cox regression was used to examine the association between the RSR′ (incomplete right bundle branch block (RBBB) or right ventricular conduction delay) pattern and CVD and all-cause mortalities. The RSR′ pattern was not associated with an increased risk of CVD (HR = 1.10; 95%CI = 0.63, 1.91) mortality or all-cause (HR = 0.95; 95%CI = 0.66, 1.35) mortality. The results were similar when the RSR′ pattern was further separated into incomplete RBBB and right ventricular conduction delay. In conclusion, the RSR′ pattern is a benign finding in older adults free of clinical CVD.
__label__0, Removal of crop residues for use as ethanol production feedstock might deplete soil carbon and nutrient pools in site- and management-specific ways. We investigated the effect of residue removal (RR), tillage (T), and N fertilizer rate (Nr) after five years of continuous corn (Zea mays L.) on total soil carbon (TC) and nutrient stocks at four sites within Illinois. The experimental design was a split–split plot arrangement of treatments in a randomized complete block design with four replications, and all treatments remained in the same place each year. Main plots consist of one of three levels of corn residue removal (RR: full, partial, and none); split plots were two tillage systems (T: chisel tilled and no-till) and split–split plots were four N fertilizer rates (Nr: 67, 134, 201, and 268 kg N ha− 1). The highest TC stocks were found under no-till without residue removal; removing any residue under no-till lowered TC to the levels found under chisel tillage. Removing residue in tilled soils produced higher TC values similar to the levels found with no residue removal and no-till. Residue removal tended to lower P and lowered K and EC in the surface 15 cm soil. Tillage decreased the N and K stocks in the surface soil. Increasing the rate of N fertilizer lowered P, K, and pH, generally in an increasing, curvilinear manner, but the response of EC was concave, increasing at the highest N rate used. These responses were closely related to corn grain yields, indicating that the amount of nutrient removed by harvest of grain and residue and the amount of residue retained after harvest affect TC and nutrient stocks in Illinois soils. This information will help producers and policy makers to make better decisions regarding the feasibility of harvesting corn residue, and on agronomic practices that might accompany residue removal in order to prevent soil nutrient depletion.
__label__0, Italy's WAMGROUP has bought Enviro-Care Co, a US headworks company based in Rockford, Illinois, USA.
__label__0, In a hydraulic control system (herein, termed a major control loop), a proportional directional control (PDC) valve with spool position feedback may work in a minor (or inner) control loop. In this study the authors propose control designs to improve the performance of the PDC valve control loop (a minor control loop). At first, the mathematical model for the PDC valve is developed through an experimental identification process. Then, a dead-zone compensator that facilitates jumping of the overlap zone in spool/sleeve combination is devised and applied. A reference input following controller (including PI-D and feed-forward controller) that enables robust control of the PDC valve under disturbances is devised using the pole placement method and the zero placement method. Subsequently, an input shaping filter is incorporated into the devised control system to improve the reference following characteristic in high frequency range. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed control design is verified experimentally.
__label__0, In an online study, 143 Canadian women of various religious backgrounds completed measures of acculturation, religiosity, body satisfaction, internalization of the thin ideal, perceived pressure from media, and manner of dress. Heritage acculturation correlated with appearance satisfaction, but not weight satisfaction. After accounting for BMI and social desirability, higher heritage acculturation and lower mainstream acculturation were associated with lower perceived pressure from media. Thus, heritage acculturation across religious denominations may serve as a buffer against appearance dissatisfaction and perceived media pressure. Manner of dress among the Muslim subgroup and its relation to religiosity and acculturation were also assessed. Muslim women who dressed in greater accordance with Islamic principles reported lower heritage acculturation and greater religiosity. Thus, Muslim women's manner of dress was related to their religiosity and the extent to which they embraced cultural values. These findings are discussed in terms of the possible distinctions between heritage acculturation and religiosity.
__label__0, The dispersion behaviour of leaking hydrogen in a partially open space is simulated numerically by a balancing domain decomposition method in this work. An analogy of the thermal convection problems is applied. The linear systems of Navier–Stokes equations and the convection diffusion equation are symmetrized by a pressure stabilized domain decomposition method. The interface problem after domain decomposition is solved by a balancing preconditioned conjugate gradient method. Numerical results are validated by comparing with the experimental data and available numerical results. The transient behaviour of hydrogen dispersion and accumulation in the partially open space is discussed; the mechanism of air influence is investigated and safe region inside this partially open space is classified.
__label__0, This contribution describes a computational homogenization approach to model the multi-physics processes in Li-ion batteries in a multi-scale view. The adopted approach originates from the fundamental balance laws (of mass, momentum, charge) at both scales and the multi scale analysis roots itself on an energy-based weak formulation of the balance laws, which allows to extend the Hill–Mandel energy averaging theorem to the problem at hand. Electroneutrality assumption has been taken into account. Maxwell’s equations are considered in a quasi-static sense in a rigorous setting. Time dependent scale transitions are formulated, as required by the length/time scales involved in Li-ion batteries processes, while scale separation in time is argued. Constitutive assumptions, computational procedures and simulations will be collected in a companion paper.
__label__0, Runaway electrons (RE) during disruptions are a concern for future tokamaks including ITER with its metallic wall. Although RE are rare in spontaneous disruptions with the JET ITER-like Wall (JET-ILW), RE beams up to 380 kA were obtained using massive injection (MGI) of argon in JET-ILW divertor discharges. Entry points into the RE domain defined by operational parameters (toroidal field, argon fraction in MGI) are unchanged but higher RE currents have been obtained inside the JET-ILW MGI-generated RE domain when compared to JET-C. This might be due to the influence of the metallic wall on the current quench plasma. Temperatures of 900 °C have been observed following RE impacts on beryllium tiles. Heat deposition depth of ∼2 mm has to be assumed to match the tile cooling time. 3D simulations of the RE energy deposition using the ENDEP/MEMOS codes show that material melting is unlikely with 100 kA RE beams.
__label__0, For decades, preeclampsia has been known to be a disease related with placenta ischemia. Many studies have been done to look for the evidence of biomarkers in blood and/or umbilical artery waveforms by vascular Doppler ultrasound that could predict placental ischemia. In this study, we explored if umbilical artery velocity would be a better indicator of the ischemia of the fetal-placenta circulation.
__label__0, This paper presents a method for automatic color and intensity normalization of digitized histology slides stained with two different agents. In comparison to previous approaches, prior information on the stain vectors is used in the plane estimation process, resulting in improved stability of the estimates. Due to the prevalence of hematoxylin and eosin staining for histology slides, the proposed method has significant practical utility. In particular, it can be used as a first step to standardize appearance across slides and is effective at countering effects due to differing stain amounts and protocols and counteracting slide fading. The approach is validated against non-prior plane-fitting using synthetic experiments and 13 real datasets. Results of application of the method to adjustment of faded slides are given, and the effectiveness of the method in aiding statistical classification is shown.
__label__0, Improved understanding of ship energy use can be a crucial part of the process of increasing ship energy efficiency. In this paper, the methodology of energy analysis is applied to ship energy systems in order to showcase the benefits of such methodology. Data from one year of operations of a case study ship were used, together with mechanistic knowledge of ship systems, in order to evaluate the different energy flows. The identification of main producers, consumers and waste flows, allowed by the application of the method, leads to the suggestion of a number of possible improvements guided by the improved knowledge of the ship's energy system.
__label__0, Accurate assessment of dietary intake of children can be challenging due to the limited reliability of current dietary assessment methods. Plasma carotenoid concentration has been used to assess fruit and vegetable intake, but this testing is rarely conducted in school settings in children. Resonance Raman spectroscopy (RRS) is emerging as a useful method to objectively assess fruit and vegetable intake. This methodology has been validated in adults, but limited work has been done in children, particularly in the school setting. The purpose of this research is to further validate the RRS methodology in children. Children (9–12 year) participating in a school-based intervention were recruited. Plasma carotenoids were quantified using HPLC, skin carotenoid status was measured using RRS, and dietary intake of carotenoids was measured with the Block Food Frequency Questionnaire Ages 8–17. Total plasma carotenoid concentrations and skin carotenoid intensities were strongly correlated (r = 0.62, p < 0.001, n = 38). Reported total carotenoid intake correlated with skin carotenoids (r = 0.40, p < 0.0001, n = 128). Skin carotenoid status as measured by RRS can be a strong predictor of plasma carotenoid status and dietary intake of carotenoids in children. RRS may be used as a valid, non-invasive, and useful method to assess fruit and vegetable intakes in this population.
__label__0, The research work herein presented is aimed at investigating the structural behavior of stone masonry walls reinforced through different strengthening techniques. In particular, the difference between them is given by (i) application on both faces of a mortar coating reinforced with a GFRP (Glass Fiber Reinforced Polymers) mesh; (ii) application of the GFRP jacketing on one side only and (iii) application of a hybrid technique, obtained by the combination of a GFRP jacketing, on one side, and a reinforced repointing with steel-strands, on the other. Shear-compression (SC) and diagonal compression (DC) experiments were carried out on full-scale masonry walls both reinforced (RM) and unreinforced (URM), as reference. The structural effectiveness of the various reinforcing techniques is highlighted. Further assessment of test predictions was then performed by means of well-calibrated finite-element (FE) numerical models able to properly take into account the effective contribution of each specimen component. Interesting correlations were generally found between test predictions and corresponding numerical models. The experiments, as shown, generally evidenced a good effectiveness of the strengthening techniques proposed, with particular concern to that with the reinforced coating on both sides, and highlighted also the importance of the transversal connectors to prevent in plane cracks in the masonry and the detachment of the reinforced coating.
__label__0, In this paper, we develop a multiple instance learning (MIL) algorithm using the dictionary learning framework where the labels are given in the form of positive and negative bags, with each bag containing multiple samples. A positive bag is guaranteed to have only one positive class sample while all the samples in a negative bag belong to the negative class. Given positive and negative bags of data, our method learns appropriate feature space to select positive samples from the positive bags as well as optimal dictionaries to represent data in these bags. We apply this method for digit recognition, action recognition, and gender recognition tasks and demonstrate that the proposed method is robust and can perform significantly better than many competitive two class MIL classification algorithms.
__label__0, Compared with intravenous chemotherapy, cytoreductive surgery (CRS) and hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) have been shown to improve survival in patients with recurrent colorectal disease confined to the peritoneum. We report our experience with CRS and HIPEC for colorectal cancer patients with peritoneal carcinomatosis, evaluating prognostic factors for disease-free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), and perioperative morbidity and mortality.
__label__0, The intracellular enzyme platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase type-II (PAFAH-II) hydrolyzes platelet-activating factor and oxidatively fragmented phospholipids. PAFAH-II in its resting state is mainly cytoplasmic, and it responds to oxidative stress by becoming increasingly bound to endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi membranes. Numerous studies have indicated that this enzyme is essential for protecting cells from oxidative stress induced apoptosis. However, the regulatory mechanism of the oxidative stress response by PAFAH-II has not been fully resolved. Here, changes to the oligomeric state of human PAFAH-II were investigated as a potential regulatory mechanism toward enzyme trafficking. Native PAGE analysis in vitro and photon counting histogram within live cells showed that PAFAH-II is both monomeric and dimeric. A Gly-2-Ala site-directed mutation of PAFAH-II demonstrated that the N-terminal myristoyl group is required for homodimerization. Additionally, the distribution of oligomeric PAFAH-II is distinct within the cell; homodimers of PAFAH-II were localized to the cytoplasm while monomers were associated to the membranes of the endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi. We propose that the oligomeric state of PAFAH-II drives functional protein trafficking. PAFAH-II localization to the membrane is critical for substrate acquisition and effective oxidative stress protection. It is hypothesized that the balance between monomer and dimer serves as a regulatory mechanism of a PAFAH-II oxidative stress response.
__label__0, Multi-stage planetary gearboxes are widely applied in aerospace, automotive and heavy industries. Their key components, such as gears and bearings, can easily suffer from damage due to tough working environment. Health condition identification of planetary gearboxes aims to prevent accidents and save costs. This paper proposes a method based on multiclass relevance vector machine (mRVM) to identify health condition of multi-stage planetary gearboxes. In this method, a mRVM algorithm is adopted as a classifier, and two features, i.e. accumulative amplitudes of carrier orders (AACO) and energy ratio based on difference spectra (ERDS), are used as the input of the classifier to classify different health conditions of multi-stage planetary gearboxes. To test the proposed method, seven health conditions of a two-stage planetary gearbox are considered and vibration data is acquired from the planetary gearbox under different motor speeds and loading conditions. The results of three tests based on different data show that the proposed method obtains an improved identification performance and robustness compared with the existing method.
__label__0, The research aimed at assessing liking and preference for capretto and chevon as a function of consumer familiarity with goat meat. Five meats were produced: traditional milk capretto (MC), heavy summer capretto (HSC), summering (SCh), fall (FCh) and late fall chevon (LFCh). HSC was the most tender meat, having less cooking losses than both MC and redder chevon types. The instrumental profile corresponded with the appearance and texture attributes perceived by panellists. With aging of kids, meat lost its milk aroma (MC) and sweet taste (HSC) and acquired an increasing intensity of goat flavour and livery notes, partially related to feeding regime and fatty acid profile. A niche market preferred chevon over capretto, while the cluster of consumers who were unfamiliar with chevon showed a decrease in pleasantness when tasting chevon, the familiar group reduced their ratings only for meat from the oldest kids.
__label__0, For concentrated model suspensions consisting of hard spheres, besides the volume fraction, the particle size distribution affects rheological properties, where the relations have been investigated and mathematically described in detail. In contrast, food products often represent complex multiphase systems what demands the consideration of other parameters, e.g., particle interaction and deformation. The principles have been shown to be appropriable to chocolate, which consists of non-spherical, hard particles suspended in a Newtonian fluid (cocoa butter). However, work for concentrated fermented milk products, e.g., fresh cheese, consisting of soft microgel particles with high serum binding is lacking. Therefore, the aim was to produce and characterize different particle size distributions by modifying the post-processing during fresh cheese production (protein content 8.0%). Tempering of the standard generated mainly fine, medium, and coarse particle fractions, and, likewise, increased rheological properties (storage modulus, shear viscosity) and synaeresis. Subsequent blending adjusted intermediate levels. Additionally, with increasing size ratio of the particle fractions generated by tempering, the rheological properties of the blended microgel suspensions were affected differently, e.g., high particle size but low shear viscosity. Besides the size ratio, that was related to the particle properties and fundamentals of multimodal particle mixtures.
__label__0, La survenue de crises vaso-occlusives en période périparfum chez une patiente présentant un HELLP syndrome est une éventualité très rare qui pose des problèmes diagnostiques et thérapeutiques. Nous rapportons le cas d’une parturiente de 24 ans drépanocytaire hétérozygote SC reçue pour des crises vaso-occlusives associées à un HELLP syndrome en péripartum. L’accouchement réalisé sous anesthésie générale s’était déroulé sans incident. L’évolution clinique et biologique sous traitements symptomatiques a été favorable.
__label__0, A total of 137 yeasts associated with the leaf-cutting ant Atta sexdens rubropilosa Forel, 1908 were characterized, being selected 93 for analysis. Twenty four species belonging to seven genera (Candida, Cryptococcus, Rhodotorula, Sporobolomyces, Tremella, Trichosporon, Pichia) were isolated from the different analysed material. The genus Candida was widely distributed, with C. homilentoma, C. colliculosa-like, C. famata and C. colliculosa being the most prevalent. A few isolates did not fit the standard descriptions and probably some of them could be new biotypes or even new species. Three strains of black yeasts were also isolated, and four others were identified as being Candida spp. The effective number of yeast species was higher in newer sponge. The origin, distribution and relative importance of these microorganisms for the ants are discussed.
__label__0, For manifolds M,M→ of the form S2 ∪ e4 ∪ e6 we compute the homomorphisms H*M → H*M’ between homology groups which are realizable by a map F: M → M’.
__label__0, We consider the moduli space M of stable principal G-bundles over a compact Riemann surface C of genus g ≥ 2, G being any reductive algebraic group and give an explicit description of the generic fibre of the Hitchin map H: T*M → K. If T ⊂ G is a fixed maximal torus with Weyl group W, for each given generic element φ ∈ K one may construct a W-Galois covering ~C of C and consider the generalized Prym variety P=HomW(X(T),J(~C)), where X(T) denotes the group of characters on T and J(C) the Jacobian. The connected component P0⊂ P which contains the trivial element is an abelian variety. In the present paper we use the classical theory of representations of finite groups to compute dim P = dim M. Next, by means of mostly elementary techniques, we explicitly construct a finite map F from each connected component H–1(φ)c of the Hitchin fibre to P0 and study its degree. In case G=PGl(2) one has that the generic fibre of F:H–1()c→ P0 is a principal homogeneous space with respect to a product of (2d-2) copies of Z/2Z where d is the degree of the canonical bundle over C. However if the Dynkin diagram of G does not contain components of type Bl, l≥ 1 or when the commutator subgroup (G,G) is simply connected the map F is injective.
__label__0, Two strains of an undescribed species of the genus Candida were isolated from decaying wood of Quercus sp. A description of the new species Candida novakii is given.
__label__0, The representation theory of polynomial growth strongly simply connected finite dimensional algebras over an algebraically closed field is established.
__label__0, Porin from Roseobacter denitrificans was isolated and purified to homogeneity. The pore characteristics from this marine bacterium were compared to those of its phylogenetically closely related freshwater bacteria Rhodobacter capsulatus 37b4, Rhodobacter sphaeroides and Rhodopseudomonas blastica. The porin formed weakly cation-selective, general diffusion pores in lipid bilayer membranes. High transmembrane potentials caused channel closing in steps that were of one or two thirds of the initial on-steps indicating that the porin of R. denitrificans comprised three more or less independent channels similar to PhoE and OmpC of Escherichia coli and the porin of Rhodobacter capsulatus. Prediction of the secondary structure of the 36 N-terminal amino acid residues indicated two transmembrane β-strands similar to those of the porins of Rhodobacter capsulatus 37b4 and Rhodopseudomonas blastica. Differences of the single channel conductivities between the porin of R. denitrificans and those of the related freshwater bacteria show that R. denitrificans evolved porin channels that are well adapted to the marine habitat.
__label__0, For an extension R ↪ A of commutative Noetherian rings the behavior of the associated morphism of topological spaces Spec A → Spec R is often measured by its behavior on each of its fibers. Specifically, one studies the 'splitting' (or 'branching') and the 'ramification' that occurs in each fiber. In the classical constructions of faithfully flat analytic extensions (e.g., completion or Henselization) of excellent local rings the splitting and ramification properties are fairly well understood; see EGA IV [6, 18.10], Nagata [13, Sect. 37] or Raynaud [15, Ch. IX]. The strongest results are usually achieved for fibers over a 'normal point' of Spec R, that is, over p ∈ Spec R such that R/p is a normal domain [e.g., the property of a normal prime p in a local ring to be 'unibranched', i.e., the Henselization of R/p is a (normal) domain].
__label__0, Adventitious root formation in vitro in 1-mm stem slices cut from microshoots of apple cv. Jork 9 was studied using light and electron microscopy. When indole-3-butyric acid (IBA) had been added to the medium, starch grains accumulated during the first 24 h of culture in cells of the cambial region and in cells in the vicinity of vascular tissue and in the primary rays. This accumulation occurred only in the basal part of explants. After that, the nuclei in these cells were activated, and the density of the cytoplasm and the number of cell organelles increased, whereas starch was broken down. Cambium cells started to divide transversely and at 96 h, after several divisions, a continuous ring of isodiametric cytoplasmic cells had appeared around the xylem near the basal cutting surface. The cells in this ring were rich in cell structures, and did not contain large starch grains and a central vacuole. Root meristemoids regenerated from the portions of the ring that were localized in the primary rays. From the other cells in the ring, callus developed. The meristemoids did not grow into the direction of the epidermis as in shoots, but along the vascular bundles. After emergence from the cutting surface, the meristemoids were transformed into small, dome-like primordia. They developed a typical root apex with root cap, root ground meristem and tracheid connection with shoot vascular tissue.
__label__0, Media from embryogenic and non-embryogenic cell suspension cultures were analysed for protein content, electrophoretic protein patterns, glycoproteins and activity of peroxidases and β-glucosidases in order to characterize the physiological status of the cultures. On a dry mass basis the amount of extracellular proteins per cell was greater in embryogenic suspensions than in non-embryogenic suspensions. Non-embryogenic suspensions contained unidentified slimy compounds which were not present inembryogenic cultures. The extracellular Concanavalin A-specific glycoproteins gave different isoelectric focussing patterns and thus enabled embryogenic and non-embryogenic cultures to be differentiated. The extracellular peroxidase activity per cell dry mass was far greater in embryogenic than in non-embryogenic cultures. The isoenzymes differed in number and composition of the anionic bands. β-glucosidases were found in the same range of activity in both culture types, but the time course of enzyme activity during cultivation was significantly different. In the embryogenic culture the activity was correlated with dry mass increase, whereas in the non-embryogenic suspension the activity reached maximum during the linear growth phase. Polyphenoloxidase which was recently recognized as an intracellular marker for embryogenic stages was not released into culture media.
__label__0, Let S be a smooth, minimal rational surface. The geometry of the Severi variety parametrising irreducible, rational curves in a given linear system on S is studied. The results obtained are applied to enumerative geometry, in combination with ideas from Quantum Cohomology. Formulas enumerating rational curves are found, some of which generalised Kontsevich's formula for plane curves.
__label__0, In this paper we give explicit equations for determinantal rational surface singularities and prove dimension formulas for the T 1 and T 2 for those singularities.
__label__0, This paper considers the choice of the medieval Aberdeen Bestiaryas the first project in Aberdeen University Library’s digitisationprogramme, and discusses some of the unusual features of themanuscript itself.Attention is given to the content and depth of the accompanyingcommentaries, and particular notice is paid to the nature andextent of the textual apparatus (translation and transcription).The factors influencing the choice of (a) PhotoCD as the imagecapture method, and (b) JPEG as the image format fortransmission of the page images across the World Wide Webare examined. The importance of the Web design to theeffectiveness of the overall resource is emphasised.
__label__0, Stable red astaxanthin-producing transformants were obtained after genetic transformation of two Phaffia rhodozyma mutants. A yellow mutant, accumulating β-carotene, and an albino mutant, accumulating phytoene, from P. rhodozyma were transformed using a genomic library of wild-type strain UCD 67-385 in the pBluescript vector. Hybridization assays, using the pBluescript DNA as a radioactive probe, indicate integration of vector sequences into the genome of the transformants. Transformants DNA was digested with restriction endonucleases, ligated with T4 DNA ligase and then used to transform E. coli. Ampicillin resistant plasmids, containing 0.1, 0.2, and 2.5 kb DNA inserts of P. rhodozyma, were rescued from the yeast red transformants. The molecular analysis indicate that transformation has occurred by an integration event of donor DNA into the genome of the host strains.
__label__0, Few studies have been done to evaluate the transfer of catabolic plasmids from an introduced donor strain to indigenous microbial populations as a means to remediate contaminated soils. In this work we determined the effect of the conjugative transfer of two 2,4-D degradative plasmids to indigenous soil bacterial populations on the rate of 2,4-D degradation in soil. We also assessed the influence of the presence of 2,4-D on the number of transconjugants formed. The two plasmids used, pEMT1k and pEMT3k, encode 2,4-D degradative genes (tfd) that differ in DNA sequence as well as gene organisation, and confer different growth rates to Ralstonia eutropha JMP228 when grown with 2,4-D as a sole carbon source. In an agricultural soil (Ardoyen) treated with 2,4-D (100 ppm) there were ca. 107CFU of transconjugants per gram bearing pEMT1k as well as a high number of pEMT3k bearing transconjugants (ca. 106 CFU/g). In this soil the formation of a high number of 2,4-D degrading transconjugants resulted in faster degradation of 2,4-D as compared to the uninoculated control soil. In contrast, only transconjugants with pEMT1k were detected (at a level of ca. 103 CFU/g soil) in the untreated Ardoyen soil. High numbers of transconjugants that carried pEMT1k were also found in a second experiment done using forest soil (Lembeke) treated with 100 ppm 2,4-D. However, unlike in the Ardoyen soil, no transconjugants with pEMT3k were detected and the transfer of plasmid pEMT1k to indigenous bacteria did not result in a higher rate of decrease of 2,4-D. This may be because 2,4-D was readily metabolised by indigenous bacteria in this soil. The results indicate that bioaugmentation with catabolic plasmids may be a viable means to enhance the bioremediation of soils which lack an adequate intrinsic ability to degrade a given xenobiotic.
__label__0, Sexual activity was induced in the basidiomyceteous Phaffia rhodozyma (Xanthophyllomyces dendrorhous) by depletion of nitrogen from the culture medium. This activity involved both mating between two yeast cells and the formation of basidiospores. Mating is possibly started by a G1 phase arrest of the cell cycle, as in other yeasts. The life cycle exhibited homothallic features. Crosses between genetically marked strains, and pulse-field gel electrophoresis of the chromosomal DNA of cells derived from individual spores revealed evidence of karyogamy, meiosis and even recombination. The segregation ratio in tetrads pointed to diploid vegetative cells, which formed tetraploid zygotes and the immediate meiosis then gave rise to diploid progenies again. Apart from the type strain Phaffia rhodozyma CBS 5905, all the examined strains were able to sporulate.
__label__0, We prove that a refinement of Stark's Conjecture formulated by Rubin in Ann. Inst Fourier 4 (1996) is true up to primes dividing the order of the Galois group, for finite, Abelian extensions of function fields over finite fields. We also show that in the case of constant field extensions, a statement stronger than Rubin's holds true.
__label__0, We associate to a group-like monoidal grupoid \({mathcal{C}}\) a principal bundle E satisfying most of the axioms defining a biextension. The obstruction to the existence of a genuine biextension structure on E is exhibited. When this obstruction vanishes, the biextension E is alternating and a trivialization of E induces a trivialization of\({mathcal{C}}\). The analogous theory for monoidal n-categories is also examined, as well as the appropriate generalization of these constructions in a sheaf-theoretic context. In the n-categorial situation, this produces a higher commutator calculus, in which some interesting generalizations of the notion of an alternating biextension occur. For n=2, the corresponding cocycles are constructed explicitly, by a partial symmetrization process, from the cocycle describing the n-category.
__label__0, The Cohen–Lenstra–Martinet heuristics give precise predictions about the class groups of a ‘random’ number field. The 3-rank of quadratic fields is one of the few instances where these have been proven. We prove that, in this case, the rate of convergence is at least sub-exponential. In addition, we show that the defect appearing in Scholz';s mirror theorem is equidistributed with respect to a twisted Cohen–Lenstra density.
__label__0, After treatment with increased quantities of nitrogen and Azotobacter strains, activities of antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase, peroxidase and catalase, content of chlorophylls and carotenoids, soluble proteins and dry matter in leaves of sugar beet increased.
__label__0, Shoot and root fresh and dry matters and their Cu content were determined in 7-d-old seedlings of Triticum aestivum L. cv. Alkora treated with Cu (10,20, 40 µg cm-3) and Si (500 µg cm-3). Si significantly reduced the toxic effect of Cu on fresh and dry matter production of wheat seedlings. Moreover, plants treated with Cu and Si absorbed less Cu from the solution and had higher water content in shoots and roots than that treated with Cu only.
__label__0, The minimal inhibitory concentrations of copper and nickel were determined for each of fifteen isolates of T. ferrooxidans native to a Cu/Ni tailings environment. Ten isolates were inhibited by 160 mM Cu,2+ or less, and ten were inhibited by 160 mM Ni2+or less. The isolates were screened for plasmid DNA using an alkaline lysis method and CCC plasmid forms were confirmed using the Hintermann technique. Two isolates were found to be devoid of plasmid DNA, and only one isolate contained more than two plasmids. Variability existed in plasmid size, although the majority were larger than the standard pBR322 (4.3 kbp). One plasmid was selected for further analysis using restriction endonucleases. EcoRI, HindIII and KpnI all cleaved the plasmid in two locations, and PstI cleaved the plasmid in six locations. PstI-digested fragments of the plasmid were ligated into pBR322, and the recombinant plasmids were transformed into Escherichia coli ATCC 8739. Four genetically-different transformants resulted, and each was grown in media containing 2.0 mM Cu2+ and compared to the growth of a control under similar conditions. There was no conferred copper resistance in E. coli, although one recombinant plasmid appeared to decrease the tolerance for E. coli ATCC 8739 to Cu2+.
__label__0, Comparative analysis of the electrolyte efflux, as a screening test of the membrane tolerance to water stress, was carried out in poikilohydric plants Ramonda serbica Panč. and Ramonda nathaliae Panč. & Petrov. and homoiohydric plant Saintpaulia ionantha Wendl. from the same family Gesneriaceae. Water stress was induced by PEG 600. The high degree of solute leakage in the East-African drought-intolerant Saintpaulia ionantha points to the loss of membrane integrity. In contrast, Balkan endemites Ramonda serbica and R. nathaliae show high resistance to water stress due to the specific constitutional drought tolerance mechanisms.
__label__0, Multi-Media does not, just by itself, guarantee accelerated learning and enhanced motivation unless there is a clear pedagogical progression and learning strategy. The authors describe and analyze the didactic dimensions to be considered when designing a multi-media tool, based on their own experience as software authors and language trainers.
__label__0, Activity of Cu2+-diamine oxidase (DAO; E.C.1.4.3.6.) was measured in Vigna radiata (L.) Wilczek cultivars K851, MH8320 and Pusa Baisakhi in light and in dark during ontogeny of seedlings. DAO activity was always the highest in cv. K851. In both light and dark grown seedlings maximum DAO activity was detected on day 2 after germination. Thereafter, in light grown seedlings it declined consistently upto non-detectable levels. In dark, DAO activity was higher than in light and it had the second maximum on day 7 following a similar declining pattern as observed for the light grown seedlings. The DAO activity was higher in a shoot apex alongwith leaves than in roots and shoot axis.
__label__0, Indoor experiments demonstrated that allelopathic potential of rosette and flowering plants of qort is an important factor explaining the growth reduction of its associated species. Aqueous tissue extracts of flowering plants exhibited strong inhibitory effects on the germination percentage and radicle growth rate of the tested species as compared with those of vegetative plants. Under laboratory conditions, this inhibition was in agreement with toxicity assessments of soil samples collected from the rhizosphere of T. resupinatum L., where shoot and root dry mass of the tested species were significantly reduced. Detoxification of allelochemicals by presence of activated carbon can eliminate the inhibitory effects of the different extracts. This technique clarifies the occurrence of allelopathic interference by qort on seed germination and seedling growth, and hence suspects the allelopathic potential of qort in the growth reduction of associate species under field conditions along with competition.
__label__0, Saccharomyces cerevisiae T206 K+R+, a K2 killer yeast, was differentiated from other NCYC killer strains of S. cerevisiae on the basis of CHEF-karyotyping and mycoviral RNA separations. Genomic DNA of strain T206 was resolved into 13 chromosome bands, ranging from approximately 0.2 to 2.2 Mb. The resident virus in strain T206 yielded L and M RNA species of approximately 5.1 kb and 2.0 kb, respectively. In micro-scale vinifications, strain T206 showed a lethal effect on a K-R- mesophilic wine yeast. Metabolite accumulation and toxin activity were measured over a narrow pH range of 3.2 to 3.5. Contrary to known fermentation trends, the challenged fermentations were neither stuck nor protracted although over 70% of the cell population was killed. Toxin-sensitive cells showed cytosolic efflux.
__label__0, Let D denote the fundamental discriminant of a real quadratic field, and let h(D) denote its associated class number. If p is prime, then the ‘Cohen and Lenstra Heuristics’ give a probability that p∤h(D). If pgt;3 is prime, then subject to a mild condition, we show that $$\# \left\{ {0 < D < X|p\nmid h(D)} \right\} \gg _p \frac{{\sqrt X }}{{\log X}}.$$  This condition holds for each 3<p<5000.
__label__0, Generalised and specialised transduction systems were developed for Rhodococcus by means of bacteriophage Q4. The latter was used in conjunction with DNA from an unstable genetic element of R. rhodochrous to construct resistance plasmids which replicate in strains of R. equi, R. erythropolis and R. rhodochrous. One of the plasmids, pDA21, was joined with Erythropolis coli suicide vector pEcoR251 to obtain shuttle plasmids maintained in both rhodococci and E. coli. Conjugation between these rhodococcal strains demonstrated all were interfertile with each other and that some of the determinants for this were located on the unstable genetic element. Plasmids derived from this element, such as pDA21, carried the conjugative and self- incompatibility capacities; deletion analysis revealed that DNA necessary for self-incompatibility overlapped with that for arsenic resistance.Rifampicin is one of the principal chemotherapeutic agents used to treat infections by rhodococci and related organisms. The genes responsible for two types of inactivation have been cloned. The sequence of the R. equi DNA responsible for decomposition of the antibiotic strongly resembled those of monooxygenases acting upon phenolic compounds, consistent with the presence of a naphthalenyl moiety in the rifampicin molecule. Antibiotic resistance conferred by the gene was surprisingly specific to the semisynthetic compounds rifampicin (150-fold increase) and rifapentine (70-fold). Similar specificity was observed with the other inactivation gene cloned, which ribosylates rifampicin at the 23-hydroxyl position. A 60-bp sequence upstream of the monooxygenase and ribosylation genes is strikingly similar suggesting a shared pattern of regulation.Rhodococcal arsenic resistance and azo dye degradation genes have been cloned and characterised.
__label__0, A 39 year-old Behcet's patient had demyelination of retinal myelinated nerve fibers after recurrent papillitis and vitritis. Oral Prednisolone, cyclosporine, and later periocular corticosteroids and oral colchicine were used but demyelination continued over a 5 year-period. A pseudobulbar palsy with urinary incontinence and pyramidal tract signs developed and azathioprine and corticosteroids were used. Demyelination of retinal nerve fibers stopped and while treatment was underway, the central nervous system (CNS) signs were stable. While the ocular pathology of Behcet's can mirror the CNS signs, indeed optic nerve ischemic demyelination may signal the potential for CNS involvement; azathioprine with prednisone may be more effective in the long-term for optic nerve and CNS involvement than cyclosporine with prednisone.
__label__0, We determine the universal deformation ring, in the sense of Mazur, of a residual representation \(\bar \rho :G_K \to {GL}_{2} (k)\), where k is a finite field of characteristic p and K is a local field of residue characteristic p. As one might hope for, but is not proven in the global case, the deformation ring is a complete intersection, flat over W(k), with the exact number of equations given by the dimension of \(H^2 (G_K ,{ad}_{\bar \rho })\). We then go on to determine the ordinary locus inside the deformation space and, using ideas of Mazur, apply this to compare the universal and the universal ordinary deformation spaces. Provided that the universal ring for ordinary deformations with fixed determinant is finite flat over W(k), as was shown in many cases by Diamond, Fujiwara, Taylor–Wiles and Wiles, we show that the corresponding universal deformation ring – with no restriction of ordinariness or fixed determinant – is a complete intersection, finite flat over W(k) of the dimension conjectured by Mazur, provided that the restriction of \((\bar \rho )\) to the inertia subgroup is different from the inverse cyclotomic character.
__label__0, A two-spinor formalism for the Einstein Lagrangian is developed. The gravitational field is regarded as a composite object derived from soldering forms. Our formalism is geometrically and globally well-defined and may be used in virtually any 4m-dimensional manifold with arbitrary signature as well as without any stringent topological requirement on space-time, such as parallelizability. Interactions and feedbacks between gravity and spinor fields are considered. As is well known, the Hilbert–Einstein Lagrangian is second order also when expressed in terms of soldering forms. A covariant splitting is then analysed leading to a first-order Lagrangian which is recognized to play a fundamental role in the theory of conserved quantities. The splitting and thence the first-order Lagrangian depend on a reference spin connection which is physically interpreted as setting the zero level for conserved quantities. A complete and detailed treatment of conserved quantities is then presented.
__label__0, The general importance of an individual's support network has been recognized in the field of community mental health; yet a more detailed understanding of how a client's available social ties may contribute to his or her adjustment is presently lacking. This study used network analysis to examine differences in the social networks of mental health clients to identify factors associated with positive social adjustment. Subjects were selected from three different types of mental health programs as well as from the general population of Marion County, Oregon. Results generally revealed that subjects from the community sample more often would look to immediate family members for support. Better functioning chronic clients emphasized professional contacts, whereas more poorly adjusted chronic clients would look to friends for support. The results have implications both for understanding the nature of the support available to a client and mobilizing the support resources of the existing network of relationships to aid adjustment to community living.
__label__0, The incidence of serotypes of Salmonella in three types of environmental water (sea, river and fresh reservoirs) from north-east Spain was investigated. The study was performed at specific sampling locations during the summer for a period of five years (1992–1996). A total of 823 strains were isolated and 55 different serotypes were identified, 42 were recovered from sea water, 32 from river water and 12 from freshwater reservoirs. The most frequently isolated serotypes coincided with those involved in clinical cases in the area studied. Salmonella enteritidis was the most common (111 isolates), it was found in all types of water, although most predominantly in sea water (16.1% of the isolates). This serotype, together with S. hadar, significantly increased in frequency during the five year study period. The most frequent serotypes in river water and freshwater reservoirs were S. virchow (9.5%) and S. mikawasima (23.8%) respectively. Significant differences were assessed in the indicator organism densities between the samples with serotypes of clinical significance (S. enteritidis, S. infantis, S. typhimurium, S. virchow and S. paratyphi B) and those without clinical significance. Therefore their presence in all environmental waters may be of epidemiological significance.
__label__0, We prove that the Hessian matrix of the real period function ψ(λ) associated with the real versal deformation f λ(x)=±x 4+λ2 x 2+λ1 x+λ0 of a singularity of type A 3, is nondegenerate, provided that λεℝ3 does not belong to the discriminant set of the singularity. We explain the relation between this result and the perturbations of the spherical pendulum.
__label__0, The paper provides a combinatorial method to decide when the space of local systems with nonvanishing first cohomology on the complement to an arrangement of lines in a complex projective plane has as an irreducible component a subgroup of positive dimension. Partial classification of arrangements having such a component of positive dimension and a comparison theorem for cohomology of Orlik–Solomon algebra and cohomology of local systems are given. The methods are based on Vinberg–Kac classification of generalized Cartan matrices and study of pencils of algebraic curves defined by mentioned positive dimensional components.
__label__0, Species of field mice (genus Apodemus) are the most common rodents inhabiting woodlands and forests of the Palaearctic region. We examined the cytochrome b (cyt b) gene in mitochondrial DNA (1140 bp) and the interphotoreceptor retinoid binding protein (IRBP) gene in nuclear DNA (1152 bp) in nine species of Apodemus. Based on the genetic variation, the nine species were grouped into four lineages: (1) Agrarius group (A. agrarius, A. peninsulae, A. semotus, and A. speciosus), (2) Argenteus group (A. argenteus), (3) Gurkha group (A. gurkha), and (4) Sylvaticus group (A. alpicola, A. flavicollis, and A. sylvaticus). It was shown that these four lineages diverged within a short period of evolutionary time, suggestive of a radiation event. Soon after the radiation, the Agrarius group was likely to have differentiated again into the species lineages simultaneously. In contrast, the European clade, the Sylvaticus group, radiated rather recently. The relative ratio of the extent of sequence divergence among the four main lineages to that among the members of the subfamily Murinae (including Mus and Rattus) was calculated to be 72.4% in the cyt b gene with transversional substitutions, and 58.5% in the IRBP gene with all substitutions, using the Kimura two-parameter method. The value for the three European lineages was 27.6% in the cyt b gene and 12.3% in the IRBP gene. These results may have a correlation with the notion that deciduous broadleaf forests remained in Central East Asia through the late Tertiary to the present, while those in Europe to a large extent had disappeared by the Pliocene.
__label__0, In non-acclimated bean plants heat shock induced oxidative damage (increase of free radical concentration and drop of bound thiols, indicating aggregation of proteins) which was regulated by the enhanced activities of peroxidase and superoxide dismutase, as well as by the accumulation of polyphenols and especially of polyamines. In the plants acclimated to high temperature no oxidative damage occurred following heat shock.
__label__0, Rhesus monkeys can have deficiencies in stereo vision, making it necessary to screen monkey subjects intended for single cell studies of stereo-based depth processing. We measured VEPs in two monkeys using a dynamic random-dot display in which a stereo-defined checkerboard reversed in depth. Monkeys fixated upon a small dot during stimulus presentation. One monkey showed clear evoked potentials in response to changes in disparity that were similar to those obtained in human subjects, using an identical stimulus paradigm. Controls with presentations of the monocular stimulus sequences (in which no depth reversal can be perceived) yielded no or much weaker VEPs. In the other animal, however, there was no difference in evoked potential between the two conditions. These electrophysiological findings closely match the performance of these same two subjects in a disparity discrimination task in which they were previously trained. We conclude that VEPs using this type of stimulus display can be used to screen monkeys for single cell or behavioral studies of stereopsis.
__label__0, Inhomogeneous multidimensional cosmological models with a higher-dimensional space-time manifold \(M = \overline {M_0 }\) 0 i=1 n Mi (n ≥ 1) are in stigated under dimensional reduction to a D 0-dimensional effective non-minimally coupled σ-model which generalizes the familiar Brans–Dicke model. The general form of the Einstein frame representation of multidimensional solutions known in the Brans–Dicke frame is given with respect to cosmic synchronous time. As an example, the transformation is demonstrated explicitly for the generalized Kasner solutions where it is shown that solutions in the Einstein frame show no inflation of the external space although they can undergo deflation after the cosmic synchronous time inversion.
__label__0, Five wild herb legumes (Trifolium resupinatum, Melilotus indica, Medicago intertexta, Trigonella hamosa, and Alhagi murarum) were collected from cultivated lands of the Nile Valley, and compared with clover (Trifolium alexandrinum), a cultivated forage legume. The wild herb legumes exhibited great variation in nodulation percentage, nodule number, nodule mass and acetylene reduction activity with regard to locality. Nodulation of T. resupinatum and M. indica ranged between 50 - 100% and 33 - 100%, respectively, compared to 50 - 100% for T. alexandrinum. The number of nodules formed on T. resupinatum was 9 - 128 and that of M. indica 6 - 39, compared to 13 - 122 nodule per plant for T. alexandrinum. Nodule mass was correlated with nodule number. In M. indica, a small number of nodules was compensated with high specific nitrogenase activity. The herb legumes formed nodules of small size, varying shape (globose, cylindrical, branched, etc.), and of different types (crotalaroid and astragaloid). Microscopic examination of root-nodules from T. resupinatum, M. indica and M. intertexta, showed that these legumes formed indeterminate and effective nodules, containing apical meristems, central symbiotic tissue with characteristic zonation and peripheral vascular bundles. The nodules harboured bacteroids with pleiomorphic morphology.
__label__0, The effects of modifying local source-sink relations on fruit and leaf characteristics of young pear trees were evaluated during the 1997 - 1998 growing season. The following treatments were applied: early spur ringing (ESR) from 27 days after full bloom (DAFB), late spur ringing (LSR) from 97 DAFB, early 15 % spur leaf area removal (ELAR) and late 15 % spur leaf area removal (LLAR). ESR and LSR significantly inhibited fruit growth, suggesting that the fruiting spurs were not fully autonomous in their carbon economy. ELAR and LLAR had little effect on fruit size; sink strength was demonstrated here, since the presence of the fruit caused an efficient transfer of photoassimilates. ESR treatment decreased specific leaf mass (SLM) by 23.84 % when measured 94 DAFB. ELAR did not significantly influence SLM. Treatments had no marked influence on fruit quality.
__label__0, The Einstein equations for a spherically symmetric static distribution of elastic matter are examined. The existence of regular solutions near the center is proven under a fairly mild hypothesis on the constitutive equation. These solutions are uniquely determined by the choice of central pressure and constitutive equation. It is also shown for a Hookean elastic material that these solutions can be integrated outward till the radial pressure vanishes, thus one can join an exterior Schwarzschild metric to obtain a maximal solution of the Einstein equations.
__label__0, Our hypothesis is that gene transfer of an IGF-I CMV-cDNA with cholesterol containing cationic liposomes is an efficient tool for transient transfection of growth factors in vitro and in vivo. In vitro, we transiently cotransfected IGF-I cDNA with a CMV construct and a Lac Z CHKβCHK-galactosidase cDNA/CMV construct using cholesterol containing cationic liposomes and measured CHKβCHK-galactosidase and IGF-I mRNA and protein. In vivo, we subcutaneously injected 3-month-old male Sprague–Dawley rats with IGF-I cDNA and CHKβCHK-galactosidase cDNA into rat skin. After IGF-I and CHKβCHK-galactosidase were cotransfected into PC12 cells, Northern blot analysis showed that the peak time of IGF-I expression was 2 days for mRNA and 5 days for protein. In vivo, a cDNA/liposome ratio of 1:2 was most effective. IGF-I protein expression in IGF-I-transfected skin resulted in significant transfection from day 5 to day 7. In situ determination of CHKβCHK-galactosidase activity confirmed that transfections resulted in a restricted expression area.
__label__0, The sexual age preferences of 192 adults (equal groups of heterosexual men, heterosexual women, homosexual men, and homosexual women) were examined. Participants rated the sexual attractiveness of pictures of 15 male and 15 female faces arranged into five apparent average age categories ranging from 18 to 60 years. It was predicted that homosexual and heterosexual men would prefer younger partners of their preferred sex than would homosexual and heterosexual women and that age preference would not vary with participant age. Both predictions were supported, although homosexual women preferred older partners than expected. Results suggest that age and sex preferences develop independently.
__label__0, The impact of increased solar UV-B radiation on photosynthetic characteristics of rice (Oryza sativa L.) cultivars ADT36, IR20, IR50, J13 and MDU4 has been studied. In all the cultivars concentrations of photosynthetic pigments decreased under increased UV-B radiation. Even low enhancement of UV-B reduced the photochemical activities in all the cultivars except MDU4 and changed chlorophyll a fluorescence. Enhanced UV-B radiation caused a dose-dependent changes in chloroplast proteins in most of the cultivars.
__label__0, Although gross recordings of the ganzfeld flash-evoked electroretinogram (ERG) can potentially provide information about the activity of many, if not all, retinal cell types, it is necessary to dissect the ERG into its components to realize this potential fully. Here we describe various procedures that have been used in intact mammalian eyes to identify and characterize the contributions to the dark-adapted ERG of different cells in the retinal rod pathway. These include (1) examination of the very early part of the response to a flash (believed to reflect directly the photocurrent of rods), (2) application of high-energy probe flashes to provide information about the underlying rod photoreceptor response even when this component is obscured by the responses of other cells, (3) pharmacological suppression of responses of amacrine and ganglion cells to identify the contribution of these cells and to reveal the weaker responses of bipolar cells, (4) use of pharmacological agents that block transmission of signals from rods to more proximal neurons to separate responses of rods from those of later neurons, (5) examination of the ERG changes produced by ganglion-cell degeneration or pharmacological block of nerve-spike generation to identify the contribution of spiking neurons, (6) modeling measured amplitude-energy functions and timecourse of flash responses and (7) using steady backgrounds to obtain differential reductions in sensitivity of different cell types. While some of these procedures can be applied to humans, the results described here have all been obtained in studies of the ERG of anaesthetized cats, or macaque monkeys whose retinas are very similar to those of humans.
__label__0, The suitability of the fluorescent dye rhodamine 123 for qualitative and quantitative determinations of the electrical potential difference (ΔΨ) in isolated pea (Pisum sativum L.) stem mitochondria was evaluated. A fluorescence quenching of rhodamine 123, as a consequence of dye uptake, occurred following mitochondria energization by both external and internal substrates. This quenching was associated to the generation of ΔΨ, because it was completely released by uncouplers and respiratory inhibitors. The conversion of the proton gradient (ΔpH) into ΔΨ, induced by nigericin or a permeant weak acid (phosphate), increased the quenching. The uptake of the probe was accompanied by 40 % of unspecific binding in coupled, but not in uncoupled, mitochondria. Rhodamine 123 quenching varied linearly with a K+-diffusion potential. ADP induced a transient and cyclic change of fluorescence which was associated to ATP synthesis. Consequently, rhodamine 123 did not influence oxygen consumption by mitochondria in both state 4 and 3, thus indicating that, at the concentrations assayed, the probe was not toxic. It is concluded that rhodamine 123, followed by fluorescence quenching, is a suitable probe to study the energetics of isolated plant mitochondria.
__label__0, We discuss the role of self-similarity in the evolution of cosmological models. The simplest model, the flat Friedmann–Lemaįtre universe is exactly self-similar. On the other hand, the open Friedmann–Lemaįtre universe and the anisotropic Bianchi I universes, are not exactly self-similar, but are asymptotically self-similar, both near the initial singularity and at late times. In general, however, cosmological models are not asymptotically self-similar, and our goal is to describe the different mechanisms that lead to asymptotic self-similarity breaking in Bianchi universes. The discussion will also serve to give an overview of our current understanding of the dynamics of Bianchi universes.
__label__0, We examine the hypothesis that environmental transmission is a significant factor in individual differences for Neuroticism among 45,850 members of extended twin kinships from Australia (N = 20,945) and the United States (N = 24,905). To this large data set we fitted a model estimating genetic and environmental components of variance and gene-environmental covariance to examine the causes of individual differences in Neuroticism. For the combined sample we reject models including environmental transmission, shared environment, and a special twin environment in favor of more parsimonious genetic models. The best-fitting model involved only modest assortative mating, nonshared environment, and both additive and nonadditive genetic components. We conclude, first, that there is no evidence for environmental transmission as a contribution to individual differences in Neuroticism in these replicated samples, drawn from different continents, and, second, that a simple genetic structure underlies familial resemblance for the personality trait of Neuroticism. It is interesting that, despite the opportunity provided by the elaborate design and extensive power of our study, the picture revealed for the causes of individual differences in Neuroticism is little more complex than that found from earlier, simpler designs applied to smaller samples. However, this simplicity could not have been confirmed without using a highly informative design and a very large sample.
__label__0, Family functioning was investigated as a mediator between interparental conflict and adolescent depressed mood among adolescents living in two-parent and divorced families. Data were collected three times, with one year intervals. At the initial interview, adolescents were, on the average, 15.5 years old. Two types of interparental conflict were assessed: interparental conflict involving arguments about the adolescent, and arguments focused on the parents' behaviors. The results confirmed that family functioning mediated the effects of parent issue/interparental conflict, but not adolescent issue/interparental conflict. This was most evident for girls than boys. Implications of the findings for research and practice are discussed.
__label__0, Stoolmiller has recently presented a model featuring an inferred dimension of family quality which, he suggests, is severely truncated in adoption studies such as the Texas Adoption Project, resulting in gross underestimation of the effects of shared family environment. We discuss some potential limitations of his approach in general and as he applies it to the Texas adoption data on IQ.
__label__0, We develop some classical descriptions for processes in the Schwarzschild string atmosphere. These processes suggest relationships between macroscopic and microscopic scales. The classical descriptions developed in this letter highlight the fundamental quantum nature of the Schwarzschild atmospheric processes.
__label__0, 5D Kaluza–Klein gravity has several nonasymptotically flat solutions which generally, possess both electric and magnetic charges. In this paper we suggest that these solutions can act as quantum virtual handles (wormholes) in spacetime foam models. In the presence of a sufficently large, external electric and/or magnetic field it may be possible to “inflate” these solutions from a quantum to a classical state. This effect would lead to a possible experimental signal for higher dimensions in multidimensional gravity.
__label__0, The study compares the emotional impact of maltreatment on the attachment styles in three groups of children aged 6–12 years: children of drug-user fathers (n = 76), physically abused children (n = 41), neglected children (n = 38); non-abused/non-neglected children (n = 35)—control group. The secure style characterized 52% of the children of drug-user fathers and the insecure style characterized the other 48% (anxious/ambivalent or avoidant); physically abused children were characterized mainly by the avoidant attachment style, and neglected children by the anxious/ambivalent style. The conclusion is that physically abused children are at risk of antisocial behavior and sustained suspicion towards others; neglected children are at risk of social withdrawal, social rejection and feelings of incompetence, and children of drug-user fathers may be at risk of behavioral problems and drug use in adolescence.
__label__0, In this note we point out that a large class of stationary, axisymmetric, vacuum solutions of the Einstein equations which are not representable as rational functions of some coordinates has a factor structure similar to that of Tomimatsu-Sato metrics.
__label__0, Extracellular superoxide dismutase (EC-SOD) controls the availability of extracellular superoxide and appears to play a role in controlling intercellular signaling. In this role EC-SOD can have potent effects on neurobehavioral function. In previous studies, we have found that either over- or under-expression of EC-SOD in mice significantly impairs spatial learning on the radial-arm maze. In the current study, the neurobehavioral nature of the EC-SOD role in cognitive function was determined. EC-SOD overexpression altered the relationship between both learning and memory with motivational state. Mice were tested in the radial-arm maze under a high motivational state (22–24 hours of food restriction) or a low motivational state (4–6 hours of food restriction). Under a high motivational state, the EC-SOD overexpressing mice were able to learn in the radial-arm maze, albeit at a slightly lower rate than wild-type controls. This contrasts with the failure to learn by EC-SOD overexpressing mice in our previous study conducted with the low motivational state. The change in motivational state did not significantly alter the learning rate of controls. Similarly, during postacquisition memory phase of testing, the EC-SOD overexpressing mice were significantly worse than controls when tested in a low motivational state but not under a high motivation state. As with learning, motivational state did not significantly affect memory performance in controls. This study shows that mice with EC-SOD overexpression are not incapable of learning and memory in the radial-arm maze, but that the mechanisms which allow control animals to perform this task well under low motivational states are deficient in the mice with EC-SOD overexpression.
__label__0, We present a three-parameter family of solutions to the stationary axisymmetric Einstein equations that describe differentially rotating disks of dust. They have been constructed by generalizing the Neugebauer—Meinel solution of the problem of a rigidly rotating disk of dust. The solutions correspond to disks with angular velocities depending monotonically on the radial coordinate; both decreasing and increasing behaviour is exhibited. In general, the solutions are related mathematically to Jacobi's inversion problem and can be expressed in terms of Riemann theta functions. A particularly interesting two-parameter subfamily represents Bäcklund transformations to appropriate seed solutions of the Weyl class.
__label__0, Einstein's equations with variable gravitational and cosmological “constants” are considered in the presence of a bulk viscous fluid source described by the truncated causal theory of Israel–Stewart, for the spatially flat homogeneous and isotropic universe. A solution is found in which the cosmological term varies inversely with the square of time. However, the gravitational constant G is found to be increasing with time.
__label__0, Results on particle creation in the early Friedmann Universe, showing the connection of appearance of particles in it with the geometrical property of causal disconnectedness are discussed, and the possibility of entropy creation is analysed. Origination of space-time itself due to Boole-ization of some non-Boolean lattice of properties of the quantum system leading to open space where all potentialities of the quantum system are realized is discussed.
__label__0, A complimentary two-phase strategy was used to detect and map quantitative trait loci (QTLs) associated with the basal locomotor response to a saline challenge (10 ml/kg). In phase 1, putative QTLs, significant at p < 0.01 or better, were identified by analysis of the strain means for 25 strains of the B × D recombinant inbred series. QTLs were identified on chromosomes 1, 3, 5, 9, 10, 16, and 18. Some of these QTLs were detected across the entire experimental period (0–20 min), while others were associated with specific 5-min blocks. Eighteen hundred C57BL/6J (B6) × DBA/2J (D2) F2 intercross animals were phenotyped for the basal locomotor response, and of this group, 500 to 700 individuals, psuedo-randomly selected, were used for a genomewide scan to confirm the RI-generated QTLs and to detect new QTLs. No new QTLs were detected but the QTLs on chromosome 1 were confirmed at p < 10−5 to p < 10−9, depending on the time interval. In addition, the QTLs on chromosomes 5 and 9 were confirmed at p < 0.001, providing a combined probability (RI + F2) which exceeds the threshold for a significant association. Two additional phenotypes which showed significant RI strain differences were examined—adaptation and thigmotaxis. Adaptation mapped to the same region of chromosome 9 and thigmotaxis to the same region of chromosome 1 as the distance-traveled QTL. Overall, the data presented here and elsewhere (Flint et al., 1995; Gershenfeld et al., 1997) illustrate that QTLs for basal activity are both robust and reliable.
__label__0, Observational tests of cosmological theories are reviewed, with emphasis on the cosmological microwave background (CMB) radiation and dark matter. Present observations of the CMB are consistent with inflationary models, that have already excluded some alternatives. Particle dark matter candidates are reviewed, including massive neutrinos, the lightest supersymmetric particle (LSP), ultra-heavy relics from the Big Bang, and cosmological vacuum energy. Finally, some personal guesses at confidence ratings are hazarded.
__label__0, We discuss numerical solutions of Einstein's field equation describing static, spherically symmetric conglomerations of a photon gas. These equations imply a back reaction of the metric on the energy density of the photon gas according to Tolman's equation. The 3–fold of solutions corresponds to a class of physically different solutions which is parameterized by only two quantities, i.e. mass and surface temperature. The energy density is typically concentrated on a shell because the center contains a repelling singularity, which can, however, not be reached by timelike geodesics and only by radial null geodesics. The physical relevance of these solutions is completely open, although their existence may raise some doubts w.r.t. the stability of black holes.
__label__0, The American Association of Community Psychiatrists has composed a set of principles to guide psychiatry's relationship with psychosocial rehabilitation. They consist of five basic precepts offering the profession an orientation to rehabilitation, accompanied by seven issues that discuss aspects of how psychiatry must finally adopt psychosocial rehabilitation as a model of practice with people who have severe psychiatric disorders. The authors advance the argument that a confluence of developments, both within and beyond psychiatry, has now created an opportunity for psychiatry to build a mutually productive relationship with rehabilitation.
__label__0, A model of a highly idealized spherically symmetric object radiating away its mass with constant luminosity is presented. The body starts at t = −∞ with both infinite mass and radius and contracts to a point at t = 0 without forming an event horizon. Its material particles are moving non-geodesically and shearfree while transporting heat to the surface. Unlike in some radiating star models of a similar type, all physically required conditions are satisfied in this model.
__label__0, The behaviors of male mice of the C57BL/6J (C57), CBA/Lac (CBA) and BALB/c (BALB) strains have been studied in the plus-maze and open field tests for estimation of state anxiety in the stressful novel conditions, and in the cubic box test (exploration of novel cubic box) and the partition test (behavioral reactivity to the unfamiliar partner in the neighboring compartment) for estimation of trait anxiety in the unstressful familiar conditions of the home cage. Plus-maze data suggest that C57 mice are the more anxious than CBA and BALB ones. However, it was revealed the opposite rank order in the open field. The study on the effect of pre-testing in the one of test on the behavior in the other test revealed active behavioral strategy in C57 mice in any situations. The plus-maze behavior of CBA mice was affected to a much lesser extent than in C57 ones after pre-testing in the open field, but expressed changes were observed in open field behavior of CBA mice after pre-testing in the plus-maze. BALB mice displayed low-reactive behavior after any pre-testing exposure under the state anxiety-provoking conditions. Familiar environment revealed a higher level of trait anxiety in C57 than males of other two strains: CBA and BALB mice willingly explore unfamiliar partner and cubic box while C57 mice avoid its. Mainly genetically inherent state anxiety in CBA mice and trait anxiety in C57 mice has been suggested. Lowest state and trait indices of anxiety were revealed in BALB mice in these conditions.
__label__0, By using the extended double complex method proposed previously, the 1-loop string background equations with axion and dilaton fields in 4 dimensions with two commuting Killing symmetries and δc = 0 are reduced essentially to two double Ernst σ-models. Then the string Geroch group acting on the solution space is extended to a multi-fold version of a semidirect product of the string Geroch group and the Virasoro group. The usual string Geroch group is just one component of a subgroup in the multi-fold semidirect product group. It is also found that a dobule Z2 symmetry exists for every case of the 4-dimensional reduced string equations and for most of the cases here, this Z2 symmetry is new and cannot be obtained in the usual (non-double) scheme. These results show that the reduced string background equations considered possess more and richer symmetry structures than previously expected. Moreover, a double form of string soliton method is briefly described and, as an application, a multiple family of soliton solutions of the considered reduced string equations is given, which shows that the double method is more effective.
__label__0, Memories of sex-atypical behavior and interests in childhood usually differ between homosexual and heterosexual people. However, variation within these broad groups has not previously been explored in detail, especially among women. We utilized data from a postal survey of a nationwide sample of Australian adult twins (n = 4,901, age range: 19–52 years). Among men, 15.2% reported homosexual behavior (ever), 11.5% said they had been sexually attracted to the same sex, and 6.4% said they were not heterosexual; the corresponding figures for women were 7.9, 10.6, and 3.5%. A continuous measure of childhood gender nonconformity (CGN) was sensitive to slight variations in homosexual attraction and behavior. In particular, among both men and women who identified as heterosexual, there were significant differences between “complete” heterosexuals and those who admitted to only one or a few same-sex behaviors but no homosexual attraction. Among men, CGN scores distinguished between heterosexuals who admitted to same-sex behavior only and those who admitted to some homosexual attraction. The sexual subgroups also differed on a measure of gender atypicality in adulthood. Implications for developmental theories of sexuality are discussed.
__label__0, Let V be a finite-dimensional real vector space on which a root system Σ is given. Consider a meromorphic function ϕ on V ℂ=V+iV, the singular locus of which is a locally finite union of hyperplanes of the form λ ε V ℂ∣〈 λ, α 〉 = s, α ε Σ, s ε ℝ. Assume φ is of suitable decay in the imaginary directions, so that integrals of the form ∫η +iV  ϕ λ, dλ make sense for generic η ε V. A residue calculus is developed that allows shifting η. This residue calculus can be used to obtain Plancherel and Paley–Wiener theorems on semisimple symmetric spaces.
__label__0, The article describes how the British Government seesthe electronic campus as a ``quick fix'' for deliveringits idea of the learning society and mass higher (andfurther) education. It suggests that this solutionposes a number of major difficulties, especially forthe humanities. The issues are located in a globalcontext in which it is argued that so-called``mega-universities'' will come to dominate courseproduction and distribution. This development willhave profound implications for notions ofinstitutional autonomy and the autonomy of individualteachers, and may undermine academic pluralism. Thearticle concludes by arguing that, in the humanities,interventions are needed to secure an appropriate meldbetween the existing ``face-to-face'' methods ofteaching and learning, and the new technology.
__label__0, The present investigation explored gender differences in sexual identity development—first same-sex attractions, self-labeling, same-sex sexual contact, and disclosure—among 164 sexual-minority young adults. Based on interviews, results indicated the value of assessing gender differences in the context, timing, spacing, and sequencing of sexual identity milestones. Adolescent males had an earlier onset of all milestones except disclosure. The context for sexual identity milestones were likely to be emotionally oriented for young women and sexually oriented for young men. The gap from first same-sex attractions (8–9 years of age) to first disclosure (around 18 years) averaged 10 years for both sexes. Young women followed label-first developmental trajectories; men were more likely to pursue sex before identifying themselves as gay. In terms of achieving sexual identity milestones, gender mattered, but it was not everything.
__label__0, The development of sophisticated genetic tools during the past 15 years have facilitated a tremendous increase of fundamental and application-oriented knowledge of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and their bacteriophages. This knowledge relates both to the assignments of open reading frames (ORF's) and the function of non-coding DNA sequences. Comparison of the complete nucleotide sequences of several LAB bacteriophages has revealed that their chromosomes have a fixed, modular structure, each module having a set of genes involved in a specific phase of the bacteriophage life cycle. LAB bacteriophage genes and DNA sequences have been used for the construction of temperature-inducible gene expression systems, gene-integration systems, and bacteriophage defence systems.The function of several LAB open reading frames and transcriptional units have been identified and characterized in detail. Many of these could find practical applications, such as induced lysis of LAB to enhance cheese ripening and re-routing of carbon fluxes for the production of a specific amino acid enantiomer. More knowledge has also become available concerning the function and structure of non-coding DNA positioned at or in the vicinity of promoters. In several cases the mRNA produced from this DNA contains a transcriptional terminator-antiterminator pair, in which the antiterminator can be stabilized either by uncharged tRNA or by interaction with a regulatory protein, thus preventing formation of the terminator so that mRNA elongation can proceed. Evidence has accumulated showing that also in LAB carbon catabolite repression in LAB is mediated by specific DNA elements in the vicinity of promoters governing the transcription of catabolic operons.Although some biological barriers have yet to be solved, the vast body of scientific information presently available allows the construction of tailor-made genetically modified LAB. Today, it appears that societal constraints rather than b iological hurdles impede the use of genetically modified LAB.
__label__0, The relationships among visual acuity (log MAR), diagnostic category, age, the magnitude of a relative afferent pupillary defect (RAPD) in log units, photopic foveal thresholds to white and colored light (dB), and the mean deviation on the Humphrey visual field (dB) were studied in patients with various optic neuropathies. All acuity and dB values were expressed as interocular differences, the majority of cases having normal acuity in the fellow eye. In multiple regression analyses, acuity and RAPD were alternately chosen as the dependent or response variable with all remaining variables serving as the predictors or independent variables. The main finding was that the only significant predictor of a RAPD was the interocular mean deviation difference on the Humphrey field and the only significant predictor of acuity was the foveal threshold to white light. Redundant and insignificant variables were therefore identified with multiple regression analysis. Subsidiary findings include: (a) although diagnostic group was not a significant predictor in the above, simple linear regression line slopes relating RAPD magnitude to the Humphrey mean deviation were significantly different between optic neuritis and compression categories; (b) for a given level of acuity, foveal thresholds were substantially worse in these cases with neuronal damage than in strabismic amblyopia, refractive error, or corneal damage; and (c) sensitivity losses for red vs. blue light were similar.
__label__0, A new assay was designed, named checker, that measures the individual response to light in the fruitfly Drosophila melanogaster larva. In this assay the Drosophila larva apparently modulates its pattern of locomotion when faced with a choice between a dark and lit environment by orienting its movement towards the dark environment. We show that, in this assay, a response to light can be measured as an increase in residence time in the dark versus the lit quadrant. Mutations that disrupt phototransduction in the adult Drosophila abolish the larval response to light, demonstrating that this larval visual function is similar to that of the adult fly. Similarly, no response to light was detected in strains where the larval visual system (photoreceptors and target area) was disrupted by a mutation in the homeobox containing gene sine oculis (so) gene. Ablation of photoreceptors by the targeted expression of the cell death gene hid under the control of the photoreceptor-specific transcription factor glass (gl) abolishes this response entirely. Finally, we demonstrate that this response to light can be mediated by rhodopsins other than the blue absorbing Rh1.
__label__0, A new xylanase producing yeast species was isolated from South African soil. A description of the new species, Candida mokoenaii is given.
__label__0, A strain of a hitherto undescribed yeast species with a unique ascospore morphology was isolated from rambutan (Nephelium lappaceum). A description of the new species, Pichia sporocuriosa, is given.
__label__0, Using various transformation methods, T-DNA constructions for insertional mutagenesis were introduced into Arabidopsis thaliana and the pattern of segregation of hygromycin resistance selectable marker was followed in succeeding generations in individual transgenic lines up to T4 generation. Despite the low frequency of transformation, T-DNA was often inserted in two or more independent sites. Mendelian segregation ratios 3:1, 15:1, and irregular segregation ratios were observed. We have also shown continuous decrease of the expression of the resident hygromycin resistance transgenic trait in some lines.
__label__0, In 1994, the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation funded a joint project undertaken by the Center for Research Libraries (CRL) and the Latin American Microfilm Project (LAMP) to scan and index over three-hundred thousand pages of microfilmed Brazilian Government Documents for the Internet. Due to the collection size, format, language and poor physical condition of the text, entering this overwhelmingly textual collection as full-text was prohibitively expensive. Instead the documents were scanned as images, thereby maintaining the intellectual content of the collection, but losing the dynamic searching capabilities inherent in full-text databases. A combination of indexing approaches was used to provide access to these documents. Indexing (table-of-contents, pagination and subject indexes) found in the documents were recreated to give users access to the documents. A controlled vocabulary was established to index a portion of the database. The factors of costs, user feedback and available technologies all influenced the choices of the five indexes ultimately utilized. This paper will describe and comment on the strengths and weaknesses of the various indexing approaches taken to access the images within this database.
__label__0, New modifications of the method for pea starch and amylose/amylopectin analysis were tested with small samples size of smooth and wrinkled peas. The milling process of the sample and preliminary extraction with 40 % ethanol were very important and affected markedly the standard deviation.
__label__0, Forty strains which were stocked as Pichia membranifaciens sensu Kurtzman and 9 strains stocked as Candida valida, anamorphs of P. membranifaciens, in the Institute for Fermentation, Osaka (IFO) were reclassified based on the data of base composition of nuclear DNA, DNA/DNA hybridization, coenzyme Q system, electrophoretic karyotype, and base sequence of 18S rDNA. P. membranifaciens complex was assigned into 3 groups: (I) P. membranifaciens group, including 25 strains with high DNA homologies to the type strain of P. membranifaciens (72–98%); (II) P. manshurica group, including 18 strains with high DNA homology of 79–95% to the type strain of P. manshurica; and a group including the remaining 6 strains, which had low DNA homology to the above two species. GC content was 42.9–45.3 mol% for the P. membranifaciens group, 40.0–42.0 mol% for the P. manshurica group, and 27.2–44.7 mol% for the remaining group. All three groups had ubiquinone Co Q-7. Of the 6 anomalous strains, IFO 0162 was identified as Pichia deserticola, and IFO 0839 and IFO 0840 were identified as Issatchenkia occidentalis; but IFO 0842, IFO 0843, and IFO 1788 were thought to be unknown strains.
__label__0, After inoculation of Brassica juncea leaves with Alternaria brassicae, activities of the cell wall degrading enzymes, polygalacturonase (EC 3.2.1.15) and cellulase (EC 3.2.1.4) decreased in leaf blight resistant cultivar RC-781 and increased in the susceptible cultivar Varuna upto 3 d. In the leaves of both the cultivars 11 poly-peptides were observed in the absence of A. brassicae inoculation. After inoculation in the resistant cultivar RC-781 there was no change in the polypeptide pattern, while in the susceptible cultivar Varuna, four polypeptides (43.7 to 58.8 kDa) disappeared only at 3rd day after inoculation.
__label__0, This paper describes the evaluation of a WSD method withinSENSEVAL. This method is based on Semantic Classification Trees (SCTs)and short context dependencies between nouns and verbs. The trainingprocedure creates a binary tree for each word to be disambiguated. SCTsare easy to implement and yield some promising results. The integrationof linguistic knowledge could lead to substantial improvement.
__label__0, Extracts of Aspergillus niger NRRL3 catalyzed dephosphorylation of AMP, GMP, CMP and UMP over a wide range of pH values from pH 1.5 to pH 10. They also catalyzed hydrolytic deamination of only cytidine out of the tested ribonucleotides, ribonucleosides and bases. Neither cleavage of the N-glycosidic linkages of these nucleotides nor those of the corresponding nucleosides could be effected by the extracts. Phosphate liberation from the four RNA monomers seemed to be effected by two phosphate-non repressible phosphatases, acid and alkaline. Optimum activity of the acid phosphatase with all the substrates was at pH2 and 40 °C while that of the alkaline phosphatase was at pH8 and 40 °– 70 °C. Affinities of both phosphatases for the different ribonucleotides were in the order of magnitude AMP, CMP and phph > GMP > UMP. Freezing and thawing of the extracts had no effect either on the activities of two phosphatases or on that of the aminohydrolase. However, heating the extracts at 55° for 25 min, in absence of the substrate, inactivated the phosphatases and had no effect on the deaminase. No evidence for the involvement of specific nucleotidases in ribonucleotides dephosphorylation was recorded.
__label__0, The purpose of this study was to evaluate the role of vitrectomy with cystotomy in the treatment of diabetic cystoid macular edema (CME). Among 22 eyes of 21 patients with diabetic CME underwent phacoemulsification, intraocular lens implantation, pars plana vitrectomy, induction of posterior vitreous detachment, and cystotomy or cystectomy. Follow-up ranged from 3 to 29 months. Under biomicroscopic examination, Cystoid macular edema was eliminated in 16 of 22 eyes during the follow-up period. Ring-shaped residual edema was observed in one eye. Corrected visual acuity improved in 7 of 22 eyes by more than one Snellen line (P = 0.0391, paired t-test), remained the same in 13 eyes, and decreased by more than one line in 2 eyes. This pilot study shows that cystotomy may have a role in the treatment of cystoid macular edema in diabetic patients.
__label__0, Information access methods must be improved to overcome theinformation overload that most professionals face nowadays. Textclassification tasks, like Text Categorization, help the usersto access to the great amount of text they find in the Internetand their organizations.TC is the classification of documents into a predefined set ofcategories. Most approaches to automatic TC are based on theutilization of a training collection, which is a set of manuallyclassified documents. Other linguistic resources that areemerging, like lexical databases, can also be used forclassification tasks. This article describes an approach to TCbased on the integration of a training collection (Reuters-21578)and a lexical database (WordNet 1.6) as knowledge sources.Lexical databases accumulate information on the lexical items ofone or several languages. This information must be filtered inorder to make an effective use of it in our model of TC. Thisfiltering process is a Word Sense Disambiguation task. WSDis the identification of the sense of words in context. This taskis an intermediate process in many natural language processingtasks like machine translation or multilingual informationretrieval. We present the utilization of WSD as an aid for TC. Ourapproach to WSD is also based on the integration of two linguisticresources: a training collection (SemCor and Reuters-21578) and alexical database (WordNet 1.6).We have developed a series of experiments that show that: TC andWSD based on the integration of linguistic resources are veryeffective; and, WSD is necessary to effectively integratelinguistic resources in TC.
__label__0, Acclimation to environmental change can impose costs to organisms. One potential cost is the change in cell metabolism that follows a physiological response, e.g., high expression of heat shock proteins may alter specific activity of important enzymes. We examined the significance of this cost in a pair of Drosophila melanogaster lines transformed with additional copies of a gene that encodes the heat shock protein, Hsp70. Heat shock induces Hsp70 expression in all lines, but lines with extra copies produce much more Hsp70 than do excision control strains. The consequence of this supranormal Hsp70 expression is to reduce specific activity of both enzymes analyzed, adult alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH), which is heat sensitive, and lactate dehydrogenase, which is not. Strain differences were most pronounced under those conditions where Hsp70 expression was maximized, and not where the heat stress denatured proteins. That result supported the idea that Hsp70 expression is constrained evolutionarily by its tendency to bind nascent peptides when overabundant within the cell.
__label__0, Previous research shows that the Multnomah Community Ability Scale (MCAS) total score is reliable and has predictive validity. This study evaluates the MCAS total and sub-scale scores on a sample of 1,250 outpatient mental health clients in Washington State. The MCAS sub-scales are reliable, and there is evidence for their concurrent validity. However, the factor structure of the MCAS only partially replicated the hypothesized sub-scales, and the authors recommend that sub-scales as currently constructed not be used as performance indicators. If only the total MCAS is of interest to users, the authors recommend using the single-item SOFAS rather than the 17-item MCAS.
__label__0, In vitro proliferated shoot culture of six grape genotypes (Vitis vinifera L.) were screened for tolerance to NaCl (0 to 200 mM). The cv. Perlette was found to tolerate 175 mM NaCl followed by cvs. Pusa Seedless and Beauty Seedless 150 mM NaCl. Na, K, Cl, Ca and Mg content increased upto 100 mM NaCl in most of the genotypes. Total sugar and proline content of stem tissue gradually increased under NaCl stress while leaf chlorophyll a+b content declined. Studies suggest that the in vitro screening procedure can be used for ranking the grape genotypes for salinity tolerance.
__label__0, There are a wide range of variables which can influence the quality of the multifocal response. It is possible to place these variables into one of four categories. First, the method of stimulus delivery will determine the field of view, interference levels and the duration of on-state stimulation. Second, data acquisition variables such as electrode type and placement, amplifier specifications and filter bandwidth settings will have a direct impact on waveform shape and on the topographic distribution of signal amplitudes. Third, patient variables such as fixation, pupil dilation and refractive error will also contribute to the multifocal response. Fourth, there are many measurements that can be taken from multifocal recordings. In addition to standard amplitude and implicit time measures (the implicit time measure in the multifocal response is becoming increasingly important particularly in early stages of disease processes), the scalar product measure provides information on waveform shape. The conventional impulse and higher order responses will be different for different modes of stimulation such as Cathode Ray Tube (CRT) and Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) systems and latency shifts will be introduced if not corrected in software. Procedures which could lead to misleading interpretation include artefact rejection, averaging with neighbours and summing of responses. These procedures should be handled with caution.
__label__0, We have worked out the optimal conditions for synthesis of 2,4-diaryl-5-oxo-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrochromenylium and -thiochromenylium salts based on triketones of the 2-(1,3-diaryl-3-oxopropyl)cyclohexane-1,3-dione series. For the first time, along with 5-oxo-substituted salts, we have obtained 5-thioxo-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrothiochromenylium salts. A necessary condition for the formation of the latter on treatment with acids and S-nucleophiles is the presence of electron-donor groups on the aryl substituents of the indicated triketones.
__label__0, One of the developmental tasks for the adolescent is to construct a new transitional space that leads to internal changes and adapts to the external world. When a nurturing matrix is unavailable, adolescents experience the entrance into the adult world as a dangerous transition. The author bases his arguments on psychoanalytic theories, mostly Winnicott's, and illustrates these with clinical material. He suggests that, even though these traumatized adolescents experienced nonfunctional transitional spaces, it is proven that they could be treated psychoanalytically. Here, the main task of the analyst is to establish a holding environment as a type of transference, resulting in less emphasis on interpretation of inner conflicts.
__label__0, An experiment was conducted with three wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) genotypes C 306, HD 2285 and HD 2329 (differently susceptible to water and temperature stress) to study the extent of oxidative injury and activities of antioxidant enzymes in relation to heat stress induced by manipulating dates of sowing. Increase in temperature by late sowing significantly decreased leaf relative water content (RWC), ascorbic acid content, and increased H2O2 content and lipid peroxidation in all the genotypes at 8 and 23 d after anthesis. Temperature tolerant genotypes C 306, closely followed by HD 2285 were superior to HD 2329 in maintaining high RWC, ascorbic acid content, and lower H2O2 content and lipid peroxidation (malondialdehyde content) under high temperature (late sowing) at the two stages. Activities of superoxide dismutase and catalase were highest in HD 2285 followed by C 306 and minimum in HD 2329 while ascorbate peroxidase activity was highest in C 306.
__label__0, The reaction of 1-(methylsulfonyl)- and 1-(phenylsulfonyl)indoles with N,N-dibenzylamino alcohols leads to the formation of a mixture of isomeric 1-(β-aminoethyl)indoles.
__label__0, The paper deals with the determination of small deformation tensor components by means of an optical experimental method, which utilizes statistical properties of the speckle field in optically free space. The term “deformation tensor” is introduced and the relationship between the small deformation tensor components and the cross-correlation function of two intensity speckle patterns in free-space is analyzed. Furthermore, experimental arrangements for measurement of rotation, deformation, and translation, and their sensitivity and accuracy analyses are also presented.
__label__0, A direct method for robust sampled-data tracking systems design is presented. The method is based on the use of Laplace transformation in continuous time and polynomial equation theory. A criterion is proposed for robust optimization of sampled-data tracking systems. The structure of the optimal robust controller transfer function is investigated and its order is determined explicitly. The relations between robust and quadratic optimization problems are established. A mixed optimization problem is considered, when the cost function includes the integral quadratic error and a robustness term.
__label__0, The paper considers existing approaches to determining conditions for the formation of a wavy profile of the joint surface of metals under explosion. Limitations of the hydrodynamic model due to neglect of the specific properties of welded bodies are discussed. Within the framework of an elastoplastic model, a new criterion of wave formation under explosion welding is proposed. The criterion is based on the assumption that the dynamic yield points of welded metals are equal upon collision.
__label__0, Recent studies revealed a new biological phenomenon: hormone synthesis in nonendocrine cells. Here we review hormone production by 4 types of nonendocrine cells of different origins, localizations, and functions and the role of this biological phenomenon in the maintenance of homeostasis. Our results and published data suggest that hormonal function is a general biological property not specific for only neuroendocrine cells, but rather typical of all living cells independently of their origin and role in the body.
__label__0, Substance P in low concentrations (10−7 M) activates rat cerebellar neurons (in slices), while in high concentrations (10−6 and 10−5 M) this compound causes a biphasic response (excitation-inhibition). Substance P probably acts as the excitatory neurotransmitter in the cerebellum and produces modulatory effects (triggering and facilitation) on cerebellar cholinergic structures. Substance P reactivates cholinergic excitatory processes, while acetylcholine prevents substance P-induced inhibitory phase. The data suggest that the modulatory effects of substance P are realized via the feedback mechanisms.
__label__0, Aminomethylation of 5-hydroxy- and 7-hydroxy-4-phenylcoumarins by substituted 1,1-diaminomethanes is studied. Mannich condensation of amino acids and their esters with 7-hydroxy-4-phenylcoumarin gives a series of 8-aminoacylmethylcoumarins and 4-phenyl-9,10-dihydro-2H,8H-chromeno[8,7-e][1,3]oxazin-2-ones
__label__0, Algorithmization and programming principles for logic control and “reactive” systems are formulated, regarding algorithms and programs as finite automata. The application of finite automata to programming for other problems is also reviewed.
__label__0, Various orders of sequential coimmobilization of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, and horseradish peroxidase (HRP) were tested in order to prepare a multienzyme antioxidant complex of these enzymes. Simultaneous coimmobilization of catalase with a preliminarily cross-linked complex between SOD and HRP was found to be the optimum procedure. The catalytic enzyme activity and working stability of catalase was tested kinetically in the multienzyme complexes prepared by different methods. The effects of ascorbic acid, glutathione, and ethanol on the kinetic parameters of catalase were studied. A possible scheme of H2O2 degradation catalyzed by coimmobilized SOD, catalase, and HRP in the presence of reducing substrates is suggested.
__label__0, Growth of tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) pollen tube is controlled by post-transcriptionally regulated protein synthesis. Stored mRNA was found to be present in the form of messenger ribonucleoprotein particles (mRNPs) in both maturing and germinating pollen. During pollen dehydration in the anthers content of mRNPs strongly increased during dissociation of polysomes suggesting a transfer of mRNA liberated from polysomal structures into mRNP particles. Pollen germination and initial pollen tube growth characterized by rapid reassociation of ribosomes was accompanied by decrease of mRNPs indicating an involvement of mRNA of these particles in the formation of polysomes. Distribution of the particular mRNAs during the pollen activation preceeding tube growth suggests that other mechanisms along with pollen rehydration are engaged in this process and that the continuous exploitation of stored mRNPs during pollen tube growth is precisely regulated.
__label__0, The strain Fusarium sp. no. 56 isolated from natural oil-containing soil samples taken near the city of Oktyabr'skii, Republic of Bashkortostan, displayed a pronounced capability of biotransforming oil and its light and heavy fractions. This micromycete is nonpathogenic and can grow at 5–10°C. The latter property is of practical significance for its uses in soil and water bioremediation under the cold climatic conditions of Bashkortostan and other regions.
__label__0, The process of electron transfer from the primary electron donor P* to the primary electron acceptor BA in the reaction center of Rhodobacter sphaeroides R-26 under 30 fsec pulse excitation was studied in this work with the aim of establishing a relationship between the nuclear subsystem motion and charge transfer. For this purpose the fsec and psec oscillations in the bands of stimulated emission of P* and in the band of reaction product B -A  at 1020 nm were investigated. It was established that the reversible formation of the P+B -A  state is characterized by two vibration modes (130 and 320 cm-1) and connected with an arrival of the wavepacket induced by fsec excitation to the intersection of potential surfaces P*BA and P+B -A . The irreversible formation of the P+B -A  state with the time constant of 3 psec is followed by oscillations with frequencies of 9 and 33 cm-1. These results show that the irreversibility of electron transfer is determined by two factors: 1) by a difference between the energy width of the wavepacket and the gap between the named surfaces; 2) by a difference between the duration of wavepacket residence near the intersection of the surfaces and the relaxation time of the P+B -A  state.
__label__0, S-Nitrosocompounds are formed when aqueous solutions of cysteine or glutathione are exposed to ultrasound (880 kHz) in air. The yield of the S-nitrosocompounds was as high as 10% for glutathione and 4% for cysteine of the initial thiol concentrations (from 0.1 to 10 mM) in the aqueous solutions. In addition to the formation of S-nitrosocompounds, thiol oxidation to disulfide forms was observed. After the oxidation of over 70% of the sulfhydryl groups, formation of peroxide compounds as well as cysteic acid derivatives was recorded. The formation of the peroxide compounds and peroxide radicals in the ultrasound field reduced the yield of S-nitrosocompounds. S-Nitrosocompounds were not formed when exposing low-molecular-weight thiols to ultrasound in atmospheres of N2 or CO. In neutral solutions, ultrasound-exposed cysteine or glutathione released NO due to spontaneous degradation of the S-nitrosocompounds. N2O3, produced due to the spontaneous degradation of the S-nitrosocompounds in air, nitrosylated sulfhydryl groups of glutathione manifested in the appearance of new absorption bands at 330 and 540 nm. The nitrogen compounds formed in an ultrasound field modified the sulfhydryl groups of apohemoglobin and serum albumin. The main target for ultrasound-generated oxygen free radicals were cystine residues oxidized to cysteic acid residues.
__label__0, In this work a finite \(\Pi\)-separable complex irreducible linear group G is studied. The conditions for its \(S_\Pi\)-subgroup to be normal in G and Abelian are determined. The results provide a solution to the well-known Isaacs problem in some particular cases.
__label__0, A method has been developed for isolating and purifying lectin fromBryonia albaroots. Proteins with molecular weights from 45 to 67 kDa dominate in the partially purified lectin. The carbohydrate selectivity places the lectin in the galactose-specific group.
__label__0, The development of ideas concerning the buffer and transport functions of the creatine kinase system is described. The concept of ATP compartmentation at sites of its production and utilization is critically analyzed. Kinetic, thermodynamic, and structural data used as a basis for a hypothesis on the structural and functional coupling of mitochondrial creatine kinase and adenine nucleotide translocase are comprehensively analyzed, and experimental evidence inconsistent with this hypothesis is presented. It seems that the mitochondrial creatine kinase may serve to equilibrate ADP concentration in the intermembrane space with fluctuating ADP concentrations in the cytoplasm. It is suggested that creatine kinase molecules bound to other intracellular structures (e.g., to myofibrils) may equilibrate local ADP concentrations with those present in the cytoplasm.
__label__0, The problem of incentive in the multiagent active system with nonseparable cost functions of the agents is tackled by decomposing the game of agents, that is, constructing an incentive system realizing the optimal—for the principal—strategies of the agents as the equilibria in the dominant strategies.
__label__0, Although the two electron-transfer branches in the reaction centers (RC) of purple bacteria are virtually symmetric, it is well known that only one of them is functionally active (the A-branch). The mechanisms of functional asymmetry of structurally symmetric branches of the electron transport system are analyzed in this work within the framework of the theory of bimolecular charge-transfer complexes (CTC). CTC theory is shown to provide an explanation of this phenomenon. According to the CTC theory, the dominance of one branch is required to implement the CTC state in special bacteriochlorophyll pairs of RC, in which more than 30% of the excited electron density in the CTC is shifted toward one of the bacteriochlorophyll molecules. This causes a significant increase in the efficiency of further electron transfer to the primary quinone acceptor as compared to a system with two absolutely symmetric electron transfer branches. Specific features of dielectric asymmetry near the RC special pair are discussed. It is emphasized that a strong CTC is able to provide effective trapping of electronic excitation energy from antenna chlorophyll, which is a main function of the RC. Hypothetical stages of CTC formation in other classes of photosynthesizing bacteria during evolution are discussed.
__label__0, A Pseudomonas strain MRS16 inhibited growth of different pathogenic fungi (Aspergillus sp., Fusarium oxysporum, Pythium aphanidermatum and Rhizoctonia solani) in vitro. Larger inhibition zones were obtained on nutrient agar and King's B media compared to potato dextrose agar and pigment production media. Mutants altered in production of fluorescent pigment were derived by nitrosoguanidine mutagenesis. The pigment overproducer mutant MRS16M-1 was more inhibitory whereas nonproducer mutant MRS16M-5 was less inhibitory than parent strain on nutrient agar medium. Addition of iron (100 µM FeCl3) in the medium decreased inhibition of fungal growth, suggesting the involvement of siderophores and other antifungal secondary metabolites. Seed bacterization of two cultivars of chickpea (Cicer arietinum cvs. H8618 and C235) differing in susceptibility to wilt caused initial root and shoot stunting at 5 d of growth followed by proliferation of secondary root growth at 10 d. Coinoculation of chickpea with Pseudomonas strain MRS16 or mutants and Rhizobium sp. Cicer strain Ca181 enhanced nodulation, nitrogen fixation and plant dry mass as compared to single inoculation with Rhizobium strain under sterile conditions.
__label__0, With the goal of developing non-viral techniques for exogenous gene delivery into mammalian cells, we have studied receptor-mediated gene transfer using complexes of plasmid DNA and galactosylated poly-L-lysine, poly(L-Lys)Gal. To evaluate the optimal parameters for efficient gene transfer into human hepatoma HepG2 cells by the DNA–poly(L-Lys)Gal complexes, the bacterial reporter genes lacZ and cat were used. Examination of the reporter gene expression level showed that the efficiency of DNA delivery into the cells depends on the structure of DNA–poly(L-Lys)Gal complexes formed at various ionic strength values. The efficiency of DNA transfer into the cells also depends on DNA/poly(L-Lys)Gal molar ratio in the complexes. Plasmid vector carrying human apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) gene was injected as its complex with poly(L-Lys)Gal into rat tail vein. Some level of ApoA-I was detected in the serum of the injected rats. Also, the human apoA-I-containing plasmid was found to be captured specifically by the rat liver cells and transported into the cell nuclei, where it can persist as an episome-like structure for at least a week. After repeated injections of DNA–poly(L-Lys)Gal complexes, the level of human ApoA-I in rat serum increases, probably, due to accumulation of functional human apoA-I gene in the liver cell nuclei. The data seem to be useful for the development of non-viral approaches to gene therapy of cardiovascular diseases.
__label__0, Chicoric acid was isolated from dandelion (Taraxacum officinaleWigg.) leaves by column chromatography. Conditions for HPLC analysis of chicoric and chlorogenic acids were optimized. These acids were assayed in some plants growing in Georgia. The optimum conservation temperature for the preservation of chicoric and chlorogenic acids in the leaves of dandelion and bilberry (Vaccinium arctostaphylosL.) was determined.
__label__0, The primary stages of protochlorophyllide phototransformation in an artificially formed complex containing heterologously expressed photoenzyme protochlorophyllide-oxidoreductase (POR), protochlorophyllide, and NADPH were investigated by optical and ESR spectroscopy. An ESR signal (g = 2.002; H = 1 mT) appeared after illumination of the complex with intense white light at 77 K. The ESR signal appeared with simultaneous quenching of the initial protochlorophyllide fluorescence, this being due to the formation of a primary non-fluorescent intermediate. The ESR signal disappeared on raising the temperature to 253 K, and a new fluorescence maximum at 695 nm belonging to chlorophyllide simultaneously appeared. The data show that the mechanism of protochlorophyllide photoreduction in the complex is practically identical to the in vivo mechanism: this includes the formation of a short-lived non-fluorescent free radical that is transformed into chlorophyllide in a dark reaction.
__label__0, We study the integral operator \(P_\lambda |f|(\zeta ) = \int {_{\zeta _0 }^\zeta } \left( {f\prime \left( t \right)} \right)^\lambda dt,{\text{ }}|\zeta |{\text{ }} > 1\), acting on the class ∑ of functions meromorphic and univalent in the exterior of the unit disk. We refine the ranges of the parameter λ for which the operator preserves univalence either on ∑ or on its subclasses consisting of convex functions. As a consequence, a two-sided estimate is deduced for the separating constant in the sufficient condition for the univalent solvability of exterior inverse boundary-value problems.
__label__0, Landraces of daikon, Japanese radish, Raphanus sativus var. hortensis, are grown and used traditionally in Kyushu, Japan. These landraces are maintained by seeds harvested from selected plants which are transplanted as dormant tap roots or are retained in a portion of field. Seeds kept in intact siliquas on the stems are harvested and stored until use, by hanging the dried stems. Although the relatively small number of plants used in a patch for seed production might be expected to result in a narrow base of genetic diversity of a farmers' lot in a landrace, addition of a few plants with contrasting features, pollen exchange between household patches, and contamination from other cultivars and feral forms may save the landraces from the rapid loss of diversity and deterioration caused by inbreeding depression. The seed production by transplanting described in medieval Japanese literature is relatively similar to the current practice. The factors responsible for maintenance of the landrace together with the cultural and climatic diversity of Japan may have contributed to a high diversity of landraces of the daikon.
__label__0, The effect of three mutant genes affecting anthocyanin biosynthesis – anthocyaninless of Hoffmann (ah), anthocyaninwithout (aw) and baby lea syndrome (bls) – on tomato germination capacities at 24 ° C was investigated. The study was performed on nine anthocyanin containing lines – Apedice, Apeca, Ailsa Craig, Monfavet 167, Monfavet 168, Por, Piernita, VF 36 and VFNT cherry and 13 isogenic/near isogenic lines (IL/NIL) from them: 4 differing for gene ah, 3 differing for gene aw and 6 differing for gene bls). In the majority of the anthocyaninless IL/NILs germination began earlier than that in the wild type lines. Significant differences were observed in the time to 50% germination between the anthocyanin-containing and the anthocyaninless IL/NILs except for the most rapidly germinating line VFNT cherry. Seed weight, water uptake, effect of testa removal and presence or absence of maternal effects in F1 germination responses were investigated in order to elucidate the causes of the more rapid germination in the anthocyaninless IL/NILs. The increased amount of water uptake by the anthocyaninless lines, the shorter treatment time necessary for their testa removal, the important maternal effects in the genetic variability of the time to 50% germination and the differences in germination capacities between the wild type and the mutant IL/NILs after testa removal, indicated that the seed coat and the endosperm had to be affected by the effects of the three genes in a way that caused enhanced germination.
__label__0, The main goal of gene transfer into cotton is the development of insect-resistant varieties. The stakes are important since cotton protection against insects uses almost 24% of the world's chemical insecticides market, which is not without consequences on the environment. The first approach was to introduce and express in the cotton genome, genes from the bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis (B.t.) which produces entomopathogenic toxins. The development of an efficient Agrobacterium tumefaciens mediated transformation system was the first step. The expression of B.t. genes was studied and synthetic genes more adapted to a plant genome have been constructed. Studies on their expression in cotton is underway. The second focus was to develop strategies that would minimize the risks of inducing insect resistance. The main approach is to associate several genes coding for entomopathogenic proteins with different modes of action. Genes encoding protease inhibitors were chosen. One possibility is to associate a B.t. gene and a gene encoding a protease inhibitor. Several protease inhibitors were tested in artificial diets on major pests of cotton. The corresponding genes have been introduced into the cotton genome. These various orientations of the research program will be presented.
__label__0, Three sorghum cytoplasmic male sterile lines CSV4 A(V), CSV4 A(G1) and CSV4 A(M), grouped as A4, were compared with a milo (A1) and two other non-milo (A2 and A3) cytoplasms for their RFLP patterns of mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). A 9.7 kb clone from pearl millet mtDNA discriminated each of the three A4 entries whereas other maize and pearl millet mtDNA clones used could not distinguish this group completely. The molecular differences within the A4 cytoplasmic group offer some explanation for the inconsistency in the fertility restoration behaviour of these A4 lines obtained with a definite set of testers in the field.
__label__0, Bolting tendency in sugar beet varies among breeding lines and cultivars. Four crosses were made between breeding lines susceptible and resistant to bolting in order to study the genetic basis of bolting tendency. Bolting percentage in F2, after 8 weeks of low temperature treatment, varied among the crosses, suggesting a complicated genetic control of bolting tendency. Different segregation ratios were observed, in particular, between families derived from the bolting F1 plants and those from their non-bolting siblings, the former families showing a significantly higher bolting percentage than the latter. A marker-assisted analysis with seven isozyme loci, Ak1, Gdh2, Idh1, Lap, Mdh1, Pgi2 and Pgm1, revealed that a locus with marked effect on bolting tendency was located near Idh1. Because of a close linkage of Idh1 with B for annuality, the gene tagged by Idh1 appeared to be equivalent or similar to B′ for easy bolting allelic to B as reported by Owen et al. (1940). The results obtained suggest that the B locus may not only have an important role in determining growth habits but also control various degrees of bolting tendency in individual sugar beet plants. A linked pair, Ak1-Lap, and Pgi2 also were found to affect bolting tendency, although their effects varied depending on the crosses and families tested.
__label__0, Optimum in vitro germination of pollen grain of the avocado cultivars Fuerte, Nabal, Ettinger, Bacon and Zutano occurred at 25 °C. However, there were significant differences between cultivars in percentage germination and relative humidity (RH) requirements for optimum pollen grain growth. The most sensitive cultivar to relative humidity was Fuerte, in which the germination of pollen grain rose from 11.4%, at 40% RH, to about 50%, after one hour at 100% RH. The germination% of Nabal pollen grain was already high at 40% RH and was not increased by higher relative humidity. Increased relative humidity also helped to sustain the viability of avocado pollen. At 30 °C and 5% RH the pollen grains of Fuerte quickly lost its ability to germinate, at 40% RH for 1 hour, germination was reduced spectacularly compared to pollen kept in saturated with moisture environment where it was not affected the first 24 hours. The effects of temperature and relative humidity on fruit-set and yield of avocado are discussed.
__label__0, This paper presents an alternate perspective for utilizing the action/process/object framework when discussing student development of conceptions of function. After a review of related theories, a property-oriented view of function is described which is based on visual aspects of functional growth. The theory is supported with data on student learning. The property-oriented view of function incorporates and extends previously described frameworks used in analyzing functional understandings, including the covariance and correspondence views (Confrey & Smith, 1991; Thompson, 1994). The property-oriented view differs from the covariance view in that less emphasis is placed on the manner in which the variables are changing and more emphasis is placed on the properties that result from these changes. The property-oriented view differs from a correspondence view in that functional properties such as invertibility and domain give rise to a different kind of thinking about functions than do properties such as symmetry, linearity, continuity, etc. Implications for further research and curriculum development are also provided.
__label__0, Le problème de l'articulation entre les raisonnements arithmétiques et raisonnements algébriques nous renvoie entre autres au rapport que l'enseignant – ou le futur enseignant – entretient lui-même a priori avec ces modes de traitement, une telle relation ayant une incidence sur les choix didactiques qui seront éventuellement posés par cet intervenant en regard d'une introduction à l'algèbre dans un contexte de résolution de problèmes. Une expérimentation, visant à mettre en évidence si les futurs enseignants peuvent établir ou non une dialectique entre ces deux modes de raisonnements dans le contexte particulier de la résolution de problèmes, a été conduite auprès de trois groupes de futurs enseignants (164 sujets); des entrevues individuelles et dyadiques réalisées auprès de quelques sujets pointent leurs difficultés dans le passage d'un mode de traitement à l'autre. Dans le présent article, sont relatées les résistances rencontrées spécifiquement dans le passage à l'algèbre. ABSTRACT. The problem of articulation between arithmetic teaching and algebra teaching concerns among other things the relationship the teacher or pre-service teacher has with the knowledge to be taught (relation au savoir), which produces an impact on the choices that he makes concerning the approaches they are to favour in an introductory algebra context. Three groups of future teachers (164 students) were questioned with a view to analyzing to what extent these students were able to shift back and forth between these two methods within the particular context of problem solving. Interviews on either an individual basis or in a dyad format were conducted with a number of subjects, and have served to bring out their difficulties in articulation between these two fields. Only the difficulties observed in the transition from arithmetic to algebra are presented in this article.
__label__0, The most outstanding event in the recent evolution of higher education in developed countries has been the continuously increasing proportion of students entering higher education and, therefore, its extension to more and more inclusive groups. It seems reasonable to assume that the expansion of higher education must have facilitated access of less privileged social classes, but it is important to analyze to what extent this significant increase in higher education participation has reached all social, economic, and cultural groups. This analysis could be useful in designing a policy to help those students who have more difficulty accessing higher education. The goal in this paper is to analyze this subject thoroughly focusing especially on the level of participation of young adults in Spanish higher education controlling for economic level, parental education and occupation, and other environmental characteristics. We present a logistic model which jointly values the influence of different family and social characteristics of the individual on his/her decision to enroll in higher education. The main conclusions of the study are these: (a) There has been improvement in the equity of access to higher education. In spite of this overall improvement, about 30 per cent of the less privileged population is still underrepresented in higher education, (b) Family educational level is the most important factor in the decision to enter higher education. The weight of these educational characteristics exceeds by far the influence of family income level.
__label__0, Bolting and flowering of Aster novi-belgii seedlings as well as correlations between characteristics within seedling populations and between seedlings and their vegetatively propagated offspring were investigated in order to improve breeding efficiency. In seedlings of A. novi-belgii, flower induction was observed without vernalization. Seedlings initially formed a rosette, but bolting was a prerequisite for development of a normal flowering shoot. Bolting was promoted by long photoperiods as compared to short days. The shortest time from sowing to anthesis was recorded when plants were grown under long photoperiods until the main stem was at least 5 cm long, and then moved to short photoperiods. A large variation in time to anthesis, plant height, branching ability, and flower size and color was found among the seedlings within all crosses. Magnitude and significance of correlations between some characteristics varied among crosses. The more consistent correlations seem mainly to be due to natural courses of plant growth and development. High correlations between seedling characteristics and their vegetatively propagated offspring were only found for flower hue. Lower, but significant correlations were found for flower color intensity, plant height and branching ability. There were no significant correlations for the time-to-anthesis between the two groups of plants.
__label__0, A database has been developed for the collections of wild and cultivated potatoes examined by the author in the world herbaria and in his own collections. A total of some 9,000 collections were examined, amounting to approximately 27,000 herbarium sheets when duplicates in different herbaria were taken into account. The information is arranged in twenty-one fields and the system used is DBase IV, version 1.1. 15.00 (including postage and packing) by applying to the author at the above address. Sterling cheques should be made payable to J.G. Hawkes.
__label__0, A plant regeneration system from rice protoplasts using calli derived from mature embryos was established for the two Brazilian modern rice cultivars IAC-201 and IAC-165. After 30 to 40 days of in vitro culture it was possible to obtain on average 6 million protoplasts per gram of callus. Microscopic selection of embryogenic calli was a key step for protoplast isolation. The production of embryogenic calli increased when L-proline and casein hydrolysate were used in the callus induction medium. The Oc or IR52 nurse cell lines were essential for protoplast division. Different regeneration media were studied and 139 plants were regenerated which set seed. Some of the regenerated plants showed morphological variation such as the presence of awns in spite of the short time of the in vitro culture.
__label__0, During the 1960s, when Cambodia dedicated 20% of its annualbudget to education, a higher education system was put in place for thefirst time in Cambodia's 2000 year history. High quality universities werebuilt in Phnom Penh and in a number of Cambodia's wealthier provinces. Inthe early 1970s, Cambodia entered a long period of civil war. Alluniversities except the University of Phnom Penh were levelled during thesewars and as a result of the Khmer Rouge Regime, the entire education systemwas dismantled. The Vietnamese occupation of Cambodia in 1979 saw animmediate restoration of the education system except higher education. Ithas only been over the last few years that the higher education system hasreceived meaningful support. Although the higher education system requiressignificant local and international financial assistance, the system remainsheavily under funded and unresponsive to alterations in the labour market.This article examines provisions for higher education and discusses theissues, gaps and constraints facing the system in the lead up to the year2000. It notes that despite heavy student and social demand for highereducation, international financiers have not been enthusiastic aboutrestoring the system. This omission is not consistent with developments inhigher education throughout the region.
__label__0, The purpose of this study was to identify the species of local landraces of wheat (Triticum spp.), held in the Israel Gene Bank, to evaluate them for basic characters and to assess their response to infection by two rust fungi under artificial inoculation conditions. One-hundred-thirty one seed samples were collected from local or Beduin farmers during 1978–1981 throughout the Galilee, Mt. Gilboa. Judean Desert and the south Negev. The samples were collected and stored in the Israel Gene Bank without any characterization or evaluation. Each accession was planted in a 1 m row at Bet Dagan and grown under favorable conditions for plant growth and rust development. Determination of the species, data of plant height, days to heading and reaction of the landraces to artificial inoculation with a composite inoculum of Puccinia recondita and P. striiformis were collected from each row. A small part of the landraces collection consisted of mixed populations of T. durum and T. aestivum plants, where one of the two species was predominant. One-hundred-fourteen and 17 accessions from this collection represented, respectively, Triticum durum and T. aestivum Israel landraces. Large variations were found for all the characters examined. Of the total accessions, 6.5% (8 accessions) and 32% (42 accessions) were resistant, respectively, to yellow- and leaf-rust. It was concluded that the diversified populations of the local landraces of wheat can be used as a source not only for genes affecting basic characters such as plant height and heading date, but also for resistance to leaf rust and yellow rust.
__label__0, Sr2, an important source of durable resistance to the wheat stem rust pathogen, is linked with a distinctive seedling chlorosis gene sc. The expression of sc is sensitive to temperature and light. The chlorosis can be induced by inoculation with the stem rust or leaf rust pathogens and also develops on uninfected leaves of rusted plants. This chlorosis is an excellent marker for Sr2 which previously was best monitored by the appearance of pseudo-black chaff on glumes or upper stem or the expression of resistance. However, the latter are only detected late in the season on field-grown adult plants. Chlorosis was recessive in F1 hybrids, however, it segregated in a dominant manner in some F3 lines presumably due to the presence of modifying genes.
__label__0, Until the mid-1980s, New Zealanders were progressing in their understanding of the causes of and strategies for overcoming world poverty and injustice. However, the arrival of more multinational aid agencies and the increased competition for the donor dollar have given rise to a new conservatism in the development debate. This has coincided with the imposition of structural adjustment policies in New Zealand which provides an opportunity to demonstrate connections between poverty and powerlessness, and parallels between the growth of poverty and inequality at home and in "underdeveloped" countries. The government, the media and the wealthy agencies conceal these parallels and promote aid responses based on charity. This excludes from the development debate the increasingly marginalised sectors of New Zealand society and undermines the international solidarity essential for building strategies for change.
__label__0, Complex potato hybrids were derived through unilateral sexual polyploidization between Solanum tuberosum cv. Atlantic and 11 diploid hybrids that produced 2n pollen through co-orientation of second division spindles. The hybrids represented the following genomic compositions: TAPB, TAPC, and TAPM where T = S. tuberosum, A = S. andigena, P = S. phureja, B = S. berthaultii, C = S. chacoense, and M = S. microdontum. The B, C, and M components of the hybrids had been selected from heat tolerant accessions. The heat tolerance and agronomic performance of the hybrids were assessed under both controlled environments and field tests. The hybrids exhibited good tuberization potential (tuber number, tuber weight and percent plants producing tubers) under heat stress conditions in controlled environments. Under severe heat stress conditions in the field in Israel, many of the hybrids tuberized when Atlantic failed to produce any tubers at all. Under more moderate heat stress in Virginia, the complex hybrids exhibited total tuber yield not significantly different from Atlantic, although the tuber set per plant was greater. However, the complex hybrids were more tolerant to heat necrosis and hollow heart than Atlantic. Total glycoalkaloids in field-grown tubers did not exceed the acceptable limit for 13 of 26 selections examined.
__label__0, Reactions of Hordeum chilense accessions H1 and H7 and their amphiploids, HT8, HT9 and HT28 (named as tritordeum) alongwith wheat lines, T22, T24 and T59 used in their synthesis, were studied for resistance to the Karnal bunt pathogen (Tilletia indica) of wheat. Both the accessions of H. chilense and one tritordeum line, HT8, were rated as highly resistant with zero co-efficient of infection, whereas the other two tritordeum lines HT28 and HT9 were rated as moderately susceptible and susceptible with 5.2 and 10.5 co-efficients of infection, respectively, compared to reaction of the wheat lines involved in their synthesis. Karnal bunt infection was maximum on the susceptible wheat cultivar WL-711 with 24.3 co-efficient of infection. All the wheat lines involved in the synthesis of amphiploids were susceptible to Karnal bunt except, T59 (Triticum sphaerococcum) (6X), which showed a moderate level of resistance.
__label__0, Interest in the status and functions, the potential and thevulnerability of the academic profession has grown in recent times.International comparison is of special interest in this context: are theproblems experienced more or less universal, or are there options andconditions in individual countries which might suggest solutions for thefuture? The paper analyses some findings and implications of the‘International Survey of the Academic Profession’ with a special focus onthe various subgroups of academics in the European countries involved inthis empirical study. The analyses focuses on the employment and workingconditions, as well as the way academics handle their various professionaltasks and functions. Considerable differences between the universityprofessoriate, middle-rank and junior staff at universities and staff atother institutions of higher education are noted. At least in the majorityof European countries surveyed, one would hesitate to consider them part ofthe same profession. By and large, however, the relatively independentnature of their jobs allows most academics to find areas of professionalactivity which are the source of professional attachment andsatisfaction.
__label__0, We studied the germination behaviour of the following types of seeds: weedy Brassica campestris, oilseed rape (Brassica napus), B. campestris (♀) × B. napus (♂), B. napus (♀) × B. campestris (♂) and, finally, seeds harvested on B. napus (♀) × B. campestris (♂) hybrids in open pollination with B. campestris and B. napus. The seeds were germinated in Petri dishes, using three different consecutive treatments and assaying the viability of non-germinated seeds with tetrazolium staining. B. campestris seeds varied in the treatment they required in order to germinate and many seeds were dormant, in contrast to B. napus seeds, which lacked dormancy. B. campestris (♀) × B. napus (♂) and B. napus (♀) × B. campestris (♂) seeds both resembled B. napus being non-dormant whereas seeds harvested on B. napus (♀) × B. campestris (♂) hybrids were more B. campestris-like in germination behaviour. We discuss implications for risk of transgene spread from oilseed rape to weedy B. campestris.
__label__0, This paper focuses on the complex nature of designing andeffectively implementing policies, assuring fair access to universityeducational opportunities in heterogeneous societies. First, the universityadmission problem is modeled as a load balancing, scheduling and resourceallocation problem in a heterogeneous distributed system with policies toallocate student loads in university resources. Then the paper analyses thedifferent policies implemented in Sri Lanka for the last three decades todistribute the limited university level training resources in theengineering and medical faculties equally among the citizens.It is observed that in Sri Lanka, the schools in thirteen out of twentytwo districts did not produce a single engineering or medicine student until1974. Two districts enjoyed several times their fair share. Other districtshad less than their fair share in access to free higher education resources.It is also observed that no standardisation methods have been used in bothadding and comparing the marks received in multiple-language examinationsfor different subjects.The policy changes helped the talented low-income students who live indisadvantaged areas to set access, to begin, complete and get ahead on theirown. Furthermore, it generated a new wave of regional economic development.The same policies badly affected the happy few who enjoyed more than theirfair share of the university resources. Dube claimed the policy wasdiscriminatory and contributed to the on-going civil war (1995) .
__label__0, In the past, utilisation of African cultivated rice, Oryza glaberrima, in O. sativa breeding was hampered by high sterility in interspecific F1 and in early progenies. Recent development of mapped molecular markers provides the opportunity to rationalise and to monitor introgressions between the two cultivated rice species. Development of such introgressed lines through interspecific hybridisation and backcrossing represents high potential to create new genetic and transgressive variation. We are initiating an original marker-aided backcross program with the aim of producing a set of 100 ‘contig lines’, each one bearing an alien O. glaberrima chromosomal fragment of around 20 cM in the O. sativa genetic background. As a preliminary step, we are now developing a genetic linkage map based on STS and RAPD markers, using an interspecific backcross between O. sativa and O. glaberrima. BC1 plants will then be selected to expedite the production of ‘contig lines’ exhibiting only the target fragment. The interspecific polymorphism is anticipated to be large enough to make this methodology feasible. Many advantages are expected from this approach, such as: (i) systematic assessment of the useful genetic resources displayed by O. glaberrima, (ii) improved and simplified detection of QTLs and (iii) comparative analysis of genomic organisation of O. glaberrima vs. O. sativa. Current work on evaluation of STS and RAPD polymorphism between parents and development of the BC1 population is presented.
__label__0, A selection procedure is described that isolated Al-resistant individuals from a sensitive rice (Oryza sativa L.) genotype. Somaclonal variation was used as the only source of variability and selection pressures were applied at both callus and regenerated plant levels. When 10 week-old, embryo-derived calli were submitted to different Al stresses for a period of 20 weeks. After this in vitro stress period, selected calli were grown during 18 weeks, without selection pressure, on regeneration media. Selection pressures were applied on regenerated plants (R0), and 9 R0 plants which produced seeds were selected. The transmission of the Al-resistant character to the R1, R2, R3 and R4 generations was then investigated, and three plant lines which had an increased percentage of Al-resistant plants till the fourth generation of self-pollination, were identified. One was from a callus maintained on an Al-free medium. The efficiency of in vitro selection pressures was therefore debated.
__label__0, In this paper the extent and change of the gender segregation ofcourse completions across fields of study in higher education over theperiod 1978–94 in Australia is measured. It is argued that similarforms of measurement are appropriate in documenting changing patterns ofattainment in higher education by gender, as those which are used formeasuring occupational gender segregation. The issues relating to themeasurement of gender segregation are briefly explored. Over the period1978–86, women and men exhibited a more integrated distribution ofcourse completions, as measured by the Karmel and Maclachlan index of(occupational) segregation. Although women continued to raise their share ofcompletions over the period 1987–94, there was little change in theextent of gender segregation in aggregate, and segregation increased inMasters and Bachelors courses. Reference is also made to the impact ofchanges in the Higher Education Contributory Scheme in 1996 on the gendercomposition of undergraduate course completions. Policies designed toattract women into atypical Higher Education courses are explored.
__label__0, Little is known of genes that influence root development and drought resistance in bread wheat. The evapotranspiration efficiency (ETE = ratio of vegetative dry weight to total water used) of spring bread wheat tall landrace ‘Chinese Spring’ is relatively high. We used 42 ditelosomic and dimonotelosomic lines of Chinese Spring to identify chromosome arms that influence plant characters and ETE. Multiple regression analyses indicated that 96% of the variation observed in ETE was explained by variation in vegetative dry weight and total water used. Variation in plant height, number of spikes (tillers), root dry weight and shoot dry weight (excluding grains) together explained 88% of the variation observed in plant vegetative dry weight. Chromosome arms involved in expression of days to heading and maturity, plant height, number of spikes, root dry weight, shoot dry weight, number of grains, grain weight, and carbon isotope discrimination (Δ) were identified. Specifically, both arms of chromosome 2A, the long arm of chromosome 2B, and the short arm of chromosome 2D might carry genes with positive effects on number of spikes, root dry weight, and shoot dry weight. None of the aneuploids produced grain yield greater than Chinese Spring. The short arms of chromosomes 6A and 4D might carry genes that suppress Δ. Chromosome 1D might carry genes that increase relative water loss. The chromosome arms belonging to homoeologous group 2 might carry genes with positive effects on ETE. The genetic basis of ETE in modern wheats could be broadened by substituting specific chromosome arms of landrace wheats carrying desired characters into their genomes.
__label__0, Somatic hybrids (SH) obtained by protoplast fusion were investigated for meiotic behavior in order to determine their possible use in breeding programs. Flower buds from four genotypes of SH between P. edulis f. flavicarpa (E) and the wild species P. amethystina (Am) denoted SH (E + Am) # 12, # 13, # 28 and # 35 were collected and the microsporocytes analysed. Meiotic phases showed the presence of abnormalities such as univalents, bivalents and quadrivalents, laggard chromosomes and anaphase bridges. At least 14 bivalents were observed in most of the cells of the hybrid plants. The percentage of cells with quadrivalents ranged from 73.3 in (E + Am) # 13 to 93.3 in (E + Am) # 28 and # 35. Analysis of pollen viability (V) indicated V = 88.23% for # 12, V = 83.86% for # 13, V = 84.20% for # 28, and V = 72.90% for # 35, and fruit development was observed. The high pollen viability, together with the multivalent pairing observed in the four somatic hybrids indicates that these materials can be used for the genetic improvement of yellow passion fruits aiming at introgressions of genes for resistance to diseases and pests.
__label__0, India has yet to achieve elementary education for all children. Among the centrally sponsored initiatives to improve education are Operation Blackboard, to provide sufficient teachers and buildings, Minimum Levels of Learning, which set achievement targets, and the Special Orientation Programme for Primary School Teachers (SOPT). This article focuses on the last of these and describes the new technology used to train teachers so that the losses in transmission inherent in the cascade model are avoided. Interactive Video Technology involving the Indira Gandhi Open University and the Indian Space Research Organisation was used experimentally in seven-day training courses for primary school teachers in 20 centres in Karnataka State, providing one-way video transmissions and telephone feedback to experts from the centres. The responses from teachers and their trainers indicate considerable potential for the exploitation of new technology where large numbers of teachers require training.
__label__0, In this paper we consider sequential fixed-width confidence interval estimation for a parameter τ = aµ + bσ with a and b being given constants when the location parameter µ and the scale parameter σ of the negative exponential distribution are unknown. We investigate the rate of convergence of the coverage probability for fixed-width sequential confidence intervals of τ.
__label__0, The contemporary women's movement in India (1975–present) has played an important role in bringing gender issues to the forefront of development planning and defining feminist politics. This paper examines how this movement has addressed the issue of women's education. The first section highlights contributions of the social reformist movement in the 19th century and the nationalist movement in promoting women's education. The role of the contemporary women's movement in changing school curricula is examined in the second section, followed by discussion on how women's studies has contributed to redefining knowledge. The fourth section discusses women's empowerment and education from the perspective of the women's movement. The article concludes by highlighting challenges facing the women's movement in promoting women's education for equality and empowerment.
__label__0, At the end of 1997 and after twenty-five years of duty, Professor Simon Kuipers retired as managing editor of De Economist. As a token of indebtedness and gratitude, this article reviews Kuipers' written work. The article focuses on two topics that dominate Kuipers' endeavours. First, his contributions to macroeconomic theory, with particular emphasis on his (neo-)Keynesian approach are examined. Second, Kuipers' contributions to actual monetary and economic policy are discussed, emphasis being placed on his empirical work.
__label__0, Linear (proportional) functions are undoubtedly one of the most common models for representing and solving both pure and applied problems in elementary mathematics education. But according to several authors, different aspects of the current culture and practice of school mathematics develop in students a tendency to use these linear models also in situations in which they are not applicable. This article reports two closely related studies about this phenomenon in 12–13- and 15–16-year old students working on word problems involving lengths and areas of similar plane figures of different kinds of shapes, as well as about the influence of drawings in breaking this improper use of linearity. Generally speaking, the results provide a convincing demonstration of the predominance of the linear model in secondary students' solutions of this kind of mensurational problem.
__label__0, Categorical data of high (but finite) dimensionality generate sparsely populated J-way contingency tables because of finite sample sizes. A model representing such data by a "smooth" low dimensional parametric structure using a "natural" metric would be useful. We discuss a model using a metric determined by convex sets to represent moments of a discrete distribution to order J. The model is shown, from theorems on convex polytopes, to depend only on the linear space spanned by the convex set—it is otherwise measure invariant. We provide an empirical example to illustrate the maximum likelihood estimation of parameters of a particular statistical application (Grade of Membership analysis) of such a model.
__label__0, A new method of measuring current distribution in a polymer electrolyte fuel cell of active area 100cm2 has been demonstrated, using a printed circuit board (PCB) technology to segment the current collector and flow field. The PCB technique was demonstrated to be an effective approach to fabricating a segmented electrode and provide a useful tool for analysing cell performance at different reactant gas flow rates and humidification strategies. In this initial chapter of work with the segmented cell, we describe measured effects on current distribution of cathode and anode gas stream humidification levels in a hydrogen/air cell, utilizing a NafionTM 117 membrane and single serpentine channel flow fields, and operating at relatively high gas flow rates. Effects of the stoichiometric flow of air are also shown. A clear trend is seen, apparently typical for a thick ionomeric membrane, of lowering in membrane resistance down the flow channel, bringing about the highest local current density near the air outlet. This trend is reversed at low stoichiometric flows of air. At an air flow rate less than three times stoichiometry, the local performance starts to drop significantly from inlet to outlet, as local oxygen concentration drop overshadows the lowering in resistance along the direction of flow.
__label__0, A number of histochemical chromogenic substrates for alkaline phosphatase are commercially available and give reaction products with a range of colours for brightfield examination. Some of these reaction products are also fluorescent, exhibiting a wide excitation range and a broad emission peak. We report here that one of these substrates, Vector Blue III, yields a stable, strongly fluorescent reaction product with an excitation peak around 500 nm and a large Stokes shift to an emission peak at 680 nm. The reaction product can be excited using a mercury lamp with a fluorescein excitation filter or an argon ion laser at 488 nm or 568 nm, and the emission detected using a long-pass filter designed for Cy-5. Thus, a single substrate is suitable for brightfield imaging of tissue sections and high-resolution analysis of subcellular detail, using a confocal laser scanning microscope, in the same specimen.
__label__0, The effect of sulfate ions on the electrochemical behaviour of iron electrodes in the presence of bicarbonate ions has been investigated. In solutions containing sulfate ions only, iron electrodes experience uniform corrosion and sulfate ions are aggressive. In the presence of bicarbonate ions, the sulfate ions become less aggressive and a pitting–repassivation process is observed. The differences in electrochemical behaviour have been compared and explained by examining the formation of probable products and their physicochemical properties during electrochemical polarization.
__label__0, Complex but coordinated interactions involving ensembles of neuronal cells result in the accurate processing of information in the adult central nervous system. However, recent studies monitoring the global patterns of activity of neuronal populations have demonstrated that immature neurons also interact to produce coordinated patterns of activity during the early stages of development. In particular, these patterns of coordinated activity occur during the period when neuronal connections are established, thus leading us to believe that such activity patterns might underlie the precision to which many neural pathways are wired up. Multielectrode recording and calcium imaging are two of the techniques that have been intstrumental in revealing the spatial and temporal properties of the coordinated activity of developing neural networks in vitro. While multielectrode arrays measure the action potential activity of the cells, calcium imaging permits changes in intracellular calcium levels to be monitored over time. Both techniques have been used successfully to monitor the activity of cellular networks in culture, but they have also been applied in assessing the patterns of activity in intact or semi-intact pieces of neural tissues, such as the developing retina, neocortex and spinal cord. More recently, it has also been possible to correlate the structure and function of the cellular components of the networks by combining intracellular dye filling with the multineuronal recordings. In this review, brief descriptions and the applications of the two techniques will be presented, and the advantages and limitations of multielectrode array will be compared with that of calcium imaging using recordings of the developing mammalian retina as the primary example. 1998 © Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Basophilic leucocytes are metachromatic granule-containing secretory granulocytes that contain a mixture of granular proteoglycans devoid of heparin. In guinea pigs, isolated basophilic leucocyte granules primarily contain chondroitin sulphate. We have recently demonstrated that an enzyme-affinity– gold technique to image RNA, using the reagent RNase gold, also binds specifically to heparin in human mast cell granules. Such binding is based on the known property of heparin as a competitive inhibitor of RNase. Using similar methods, we show here that RNase–gold binds to the chondroitin sulphate in the secretory granules of guinea pig basophils, thus broadening the applicability of this post-embedding affinity–gold method to studies that require imaging of chondroitin sulphate in routinely prepared electron microscopical samples.
__label__0, The aim of the study was to investigate the relationship between learners' cognitive styles and their instructional preferences. The sample consisted of 240 business studies students at a UK university. Subjects' cognitive styles were assessed using the Cognitive Styles Analysis (which assesses the wholist-analytical and verbaliser-imager dimensions of style) and their instructional preferences assessed using an instructional preferences inventory which consisted of three sub-inventories (instructional method, instructional media and assessment method). Overall subjects favoured dependent methods, print based media and informal assessment methods. There was a significant main effect of wholist-analytical style on collaborative method preference (role play, group discussions and business games) and non-print based media preference (overhead transparencies, slides and videos). There was an interaction of the two dimensions of style and gender in their effect on informal assessment method preferences (individual and group assignments and multiple choice and short answer-type questions). The findings are discussed in terms of: (i) models of the cognitive style construct; (ii) the practical implications of individual differences in style and preference.
__label__0, In the past 15 years, there has been renewed interest in the detailed spatial analyses of signalling in individual neurons. The behaviour of many nerve cells is difficult to understand on the basis of microelectrode measurements from the soma. Regional electrical properties of neurons have been studied using sharp microelectrode and patch-electrode recordings from neuronal processes, high-resolution multisite optical recordings of Ca2+ concentration changes and by using models to predict the distribution of membrane potential in the entire neuronal arborization. Additional, direct evidence about electrical signalling in neuronal processes of individual cells in situ can now be obtained by recording of membrane potential changes using voltage-sensitive dyes. A number of recent studies have shown that active regional electrical properties of individual neurons are extraordinarily complex, dynamic and, in the general case, impossible to predict by present models. This places a great significance on measuring capabilities in experiments studying the detailed functional organization of individual neurons. The main difficulty in obtaining a more accurate description was that experimental techniques for studying regional electrical properties of neurons were not available. With this motivation, we worked on the development of multisite voltage-sensitive dye recording as a potentially powerful approach. The results described here demonstrate that the sensitivity of voltage-sensitive dye recording from branches of individual neurons was brought to a level at which it can be used routinely in physiologically relevant experiments. The crucial figure-of-merit in this approach, the signal-to-noise ratio from neuronal processes in intact ganglia, has been improved by a factor of roughly 150 over previously available signals. The improvement in the sensitivity allowed, for the first time, direct investigation of several important aspects of the functional organization of an individual neuron: (1) the direction and the velocity of action potential propagation in different neuronal processes in the neuropile was determined; and (2) the interaction of two independent action potentials (spike collision) was monitored directly in a neurite in the neuropile; (3) it was demonstrated that several action potentials are initiated in the same neuron at different sites (multiple spike trigger zones) by a single stimulus; (4) the exact location and the size of one of the remote spike trigger zones was determined; (5) the spread of passive subthreshold signals was followed in the neurites in the neuropile. This kind of information was not previously available. Preliminary experiments on vertebrate neurons indicate partial success in the effort to use intracellularly applied voltage-sensitive dyes to record from neurons in a mammalian brain slice preparation. The results suggest that, with further improvements, it may be possible to follow optically synaptic integration and spike conduction in the dendrites of vertebrate nerve cells. The main impact of these results is a demonstration of a new way of analysing how individual neurons are functionally organized. Limitations and prospects for the further refinement of the technique are discussed mostly in terms of the signal-to-noise ratio; both improvements in the apparatus and design of more sensitive dyes are addressed. 1998 © Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Recent transference-cell e.m.f. data sets for various 1:1 electrolytes in aqueous-organic solvent mixtures obtained in these laboratories for the determination of ionic transference numbers have been aggregated with earlier sets for 1:1 electrolytes in aqueous solutions and reexamined in the light of a new theoretical approach accounting for the solvent transfer phenomena accompanying ionic transfer. The potentialities and the precision of the transference-cell e.m.f. method have been highlighted, and new salt bridges, for use in aqueous-organic solvents, have been thereby characterized.
__label__0, Potentially, silver development could unify most modern demands for clean, accurately localized marker amplification in microscopy and bioanalysis. However, the existing technology leaves room for improvement in developer design. A new formulation has been devised which, by using principles of silver chelation, avoids problems of self-nucleation and catalysis by light. It is made, just before use, by mixing together equal amounts of stock solutions containing high molarity, Tris-buffered silver nitrate and alcoholic, buffered pyrogallol. The two stocks are easily prepared and have very long shelf-lives. The developer is light insensitive for up to an hour at room temperature, so that development can proceed under ambient light conditions and at the neutral pH most suited to biological systems. The powerful reducer in the suggested formulation should allow the detection of low concentrations of marker signal in a wide range of applications.
__label__0, The anodic behaviour of composition modulated Zn–Co multilayers (CMM) electrodeposited from single and dual baths was studied. Multilayers with thickness of the individual sublayers 0.3 and 3.0μm were electrodeposited galvanostatically. It was established that most of the CMM coatings obtained from dual baths dissolve at potentials that are close to those for pure Co coatings. CMM coatings obtained from a single bath dissolve at potentials between the dissolution potentials of pure Co and pure Zn coatings. With increase in the number of sublayers in CMM coatings with equal total thickness, deposited both from dual or single baths, regardless of their individual sublayer thickness and sequence, potentials of the stripping peaks are shifted positively.
__label__0, In vertical gaps between electrode and membrane, the smooth upward flow of the gas–liquid dispersion near the electrode in the form of a bubble street may be upset under certain conditions. At a certain channel height, a downward flow develops near the membrane resulting in a more or less uniform distribution of gas bubbles over the whole cross-sectional area. The controlling conditions of the conversion of the regular bubble street flow into irregular downward flow were analysed quantitatively in a previous theoretical model, the results of which are now compared with experimental data confirming the theory. The experimental data are further used to derive a relationship for the distribution of the volume fraction of gas.
__label__0, Hydrogen peroxide production by the intermediate electroreduction of the 2-ethyl–9,10-anthraquinone (EAQ) was carried out in a flow-by cell and a two-phase electrolyte formed by a mixture of tributylphosphate (TBP) and diethylbenzene (DEB) as the organic phase, and a solution of NaOH as the aqueous phase. The cathode used was a reticulated vitreous carbon (RVC) foam. We have examined the following process variables: electrolysis current (0.3–3.1A), catholyte flow rate (470–1630mlmin−1), EAQ concentration in the organic phase (0.21–0.42m), organic/aqueous phase volume ratio (1/9–4/6) and grade of porosity of the RVC (20–45ppi). The electrolyses can be carried out in the presence or absence of oxygen gas. The first method is the so-called ‘one-step electrolysis’ and the second method is the ‘two-step electrolysis’. In the second method, the disodium salt of the hydroquinone (EAQNa2) is electrochemically formed in the absence of oxygen. The second step consists of the chemical reaction of this salt with oxygen to form hydrogen peroxide. We obtained a hydrogen peroxide concentration of 0.8m after 10Ah with an electrolysis current of 1.55A and a current efficiency of 70%.
__label__0, Soybean cultivation in the acid soils of low latitude Brazilian Savannahs (Cerrados) has become a reality since the 1970's. Soil fertility management and crop breeding have made major contributions to high standard performance of this crop. There are, however, factors that limit the prospect to sustainable production, such as levels of calcium in the soil, below the ploughed zone. This may prevent root elongation and exposes the crop to drought stress. Genetic variability for tolerance has been identified in locally selected cultivars, although it has indirectly been acquired. Experimental data have shown variability for low-Ca tolerance among and within cultivar. Progeny tests with selected individuals were carried out to assess whether these differences were inheritable. The results indicated the method shall be efficiently used to select superior individuals from a recurrent crossing scheme to breed soybeans for more stable yields.
__label__0, Electrochemical incineration of p-benzoquinone was evaluated as a model for the mineralization of carbon in toxic aromatic compounds. A Ti or Pt anode was coated with a film of the oxides of Ti, Ru, Sn and Sb. This quaternary metal oxide film was stable; elemental analysis of the electrolysed solution indicated the concentration of these metal ions to be 3μg L−1 or less. The anode showed good reactivity for the electrochemical incineration of benzoquinone. The use of a dissolved salt matrix as the so-called ‘supporting electrolyte’ was eliminated in favor of a solid-state electrolyte sandwiched between the anode and cathode. This substitution permitted the electrolysis solution to be analysed by electrospray mass spectrometry (ESMS); however, as a consequence, electrolysis periods were excessively long. Total organic carbon (TOC) and chemical oxygen demand (COD) decreased to 1–2 mgL−1 after 64h of electrolysis. The solution pH changed from 5 to 4. Phenolic and carboxylic acid intermediate products such as hydroquinone, maleic acid, fumaric acid, succinic acid, malonic acid, acetic acid and formic acids were identified and quantified using solid phase microextraction with gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection (GCMS) or liquid chromatography (LC) with conductivity detection, absorbance detection, or electrosprary mass spectrometry (ESMS). Less than 1% of the carbon in benzoquinone was converted to acetone and acetaldehyde.
__label__0, L'étude de transfert de matière dans un liquide traversant un tube cylindrique sous un régime d'écoulement pulsé a été d'abord menée expérimentalement pour différentes valeurs de paramètres caractérisant les conditions hydrodynamiques et en mettant en oeuvre a réduction électrochimique de l'ion ferricyanure à une électrode de nickel dans la soude 1m. L'expérience montre que la surimposition de la pulsation à l'écoulement permanent favorise le transfert de matière à la paroi et améliore donc la productivité du réacteur électrochimique. Il est également à noter que cette amélioration est d'autant plus importante que la vitesse moynne de percolation est initialement faible. Par ailleurs, l'amplitude de pulsation et la fréquence jouent des rôles équivalents dans ce pocessus. Nous proposons dans cet article une solution analytique approchée à l'équation de diffusion-convection. Elle permet de prévoir l'accroissement de courant par rapport au régime d'écoulement stationnaire. Les résultats théoriques et expérimentaux s'accordent d'une manière assez satisfaisante.Mass transfer in a pulsed liquid flowing through a cylindrical tube, which constitutes the cathode of an electrochemical reactor, is studied for different values of the parameters characterising the hydrodynamic conditions. The reduction of the hexacyanoferrate(III) ion in 1m sodium hydroxide at a nickel cathode is used. The experiments show that superimposing pulsation on a mean steady flow enhances the mass transfer rate at the wall and this increases the reactor productivity. Furthermore, we have noticed that the smaller the initial mean flow rate, the greater the enhancement. On the other hand, we have also noticed that amplitude and frequency of the pulsation play similar roles. Finally, an approximate analytical solution proposed for the convection–diffusion equation allows prediction of the extent of mass transfer enhancement with pulsation parameters. The agreement between this prediction and experimental data is satisfactory.
__label__0, This research finds empirical evidence indicating that smoothed real asset prices lead security prices in a controlled economy. The results are important for illustrating the effect controlled inflation can have on controlled security prices.
__label__0, The process and regulation of ciliogenesis in human epithelia is little understood and many components of the cilium and associated structures have not been characterised. We have identified a monoclonal antibody, LhS28, which recognises a 44,000–45,000 Mr protein specifically associated with human ciliated epithelial cells. Immunoperoxidase labelling of formalin-fixed paraffin wax-embedded human tissues showed that LhS28 was expressed in the sub-apical zone of ciliated epithelial cells of the Fallopian tube and upper respiratory tract, but not ciliated ependyma, non-ciliated epithelia or testis containing developing spermatozoa. Immunoelectron microscopy demonstrated that the antigen recognised by LhS28 was associated with the basal body structure of the cilium and specifically with the 9+0 microtubule arrays. LhS28 should be a useful tool in the identification of ciliated cells in pathological specimens and for investigating mechanisms of ciliogenesis.
__label__0, An approximate description of the SOFC cermet structure was performed on the basis of a combined optical and porosimetric structure analysis of the SOFC cermet anode and the results are described using the example of the SOFC substrate anode (anode with increased layer thickness). The electrode assembly consists of two layers. The electrochemically active layer of 70–90 μm corresponding the penetration depth of the electric field is located near the ZrO2 electrolyte. This layer thickness is also a function of porosity and pore radius distribution. The remaining electrode up to a layer thickness of about 2 mm basically acts only as a current and mass distributor. The corresponding diffusion overvoltage as a function of the structural properties was calculated.
__label__0, Repetitive elements are found in the ribosomal intergenic spacer (IGS) of most organisms. A particularly complex pattern of internal repetition occurs in the IGSs of O. americanus 2n and 4n, which are composed of several types of BamHI subrepeats (B-SRs). The most repetitive one is approximately 87 bp long, and is highly represented in the IGS variants of these amphibians. Sequence analyses of six diploid and two tetraploid B-SRs show 87% and 86% homology, respectively, and related secondary structure predictions. The comparison of the 2n and 4n B-SR sequences aligned with the 81 bp enhancer of Xenopus laevis reveals 36% homology. Furthermore, other B-SR features like size, number, and secondary structures resemble those of Xenopus enhancers, suggesting that B-SRs may function as regulators of O. americanus rDNA transcription. The present data also corroborate the close evolutionary relationship between 2n and 4n O. americanus species.
__label__0, Cultivar evaluations of perennial cool-season forage grasses are an integral part of both breeding and extension programs. There is some doubt that a single trial will result in an accurate representation of cultivar means or rankings, even for a single location. The objective of this study was to quantify the additional precision and accuracy accrued in perennial cool-season forage grass cultivar evaluations resulting from collecting data on additional years of a single planting vs. repeated plantings. The study used data on forage yield, maturity, crown rust reaction (caused by Puccinia coronata Corda), and ground cover of 20 trials of orchardgrass (Dactylis glomerata L.), tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea Schreb.), timothy (Phleum pratense L.), and ryegrass [perennial (Lolium perenne L.) and intermediate (L. hybridum Hausskn.) ryegrasses and festulolium (Festulolium braunii K.A.)]. The study was conducted at Arlington, WI between 1981 and 1991. Common cultivars in pairs of trials, planted in adjacent fields in consecutive years, were analyzed by analysis of variance. Seven hypothetical cultivar evaluation schemes were created, involving various numbers of harvest years of one or two plantings made in consecutive years. Precision of each scheme was measured by the predicted standard error of a cultivar mean (SECM); accuracy was measured by the correlation between cultivar ranks of a scheme with cultivar ranks from means over all 3 years of both plantings. In most cases, there were dramatic reductions in SECM associated with use of a second planting, regardless of the number of harvest years per planting. Forage yield was the only variable for which there was almost no decrease in SECM due to additional harvest years per planting. Rank correlation coefficients for forage yield were high (r ≥ 0.86) for timothy regardless of the evaluation scheme, but increased linearly with additional harvest years for the other three species. For maturity, rust reaction, and ground cover, most rank correlations were greater than 0.9, suggesting a reasonably accurate ranking for all schemes. Because of this and the importance of forage yield per se, the accuracy and precision of forage yield is the primary consideration. An evaluation scheme of two plantings and 3 harvest years for the first planting plus 2 harvest years for the second planting was recommended for this location.
__label__0, A survey of the research on the relationship between market structure and innovation is given. Starting in 1975, the emphasis is on the last two decades, as well as on the most recent developments. Especially on the theoretical front, many important insights have been drawn. These can be applied to antitrust enforcement, or provide the microfoundations for models of economic growth. On the empirical front, research lagged far behind theory. This recently changed with the so called ‘bounds approach’ which is discussed as a matter of looking into future developments in this area.
__label__0, Consider a linear process \(X_t = \sum\nolimits_{i = 0}^\infty {c_i Z_{t - 1} } \) where the innovations Z's are i.i.d. satisfying a standard tail regularity and balance condition, vis., P(Z > z) ∼ rz-αL1(z), P(Z < -z) ∼ sz-αL1(z), as z →∞, where r + s = 1, r, s ≥ 0, α > 0 and L1 is a slowly varying function. It turns out that in this setup, P(X > x) ∼ px-αL(x), P(X < -x) ∼ qx-αL(x), as x →∞, where α is the same as above, p is a convex combination of r and s, p + q = 1, p, q ≥ 0 and L = \(\left\| {\underset{\raise0.3em\hbox{$\smash{\scriptscriptstyle-}$}}{c} } \right\|_\alpha ^\alpha L_1 \) where \(\left\| {\underset{\raise0.3em\hbox{$\smash{\scriptscriptstyle-}$}}{c} } \right\|_\alpha = \left( {\sum {\left| {c_i } \right|^\alpha } } \right)^{1/\alpha } \). The quantities α and β = 2p - 1 can be regarded as tail parameters of the marginal distribution of Xt. We estimate α and β based on a finite realization X1,.., Xn of the time series. Consistency and asymptotic normality of the estimators are established. As a further application, we estimate a tail probability under the marginal distribution of the Xt. A small simulation study is included to indicate the finite sample behavior of the estimators.
__label__0, High energy ball milling, an industrially amenable technique, has been used to produce CO tolerant unsupported Pt–Ru based catalysts for the oxidation of hydrogen in polymer electrolyte fuel cells. Nanocrystalline Pt0.5–Ru0.5 alloys are easily obtained by ball-milling but their performances as anode catalysts are poor because nanocrystals composing the material aggregate during milling into larger particles. The result is a low specific area material. Improved specific areas were obtained by milling together Pt, Ru and a metal leacheable after the milling step. The best results were obtained by milling Pt, Ru, and Al in a 1:1:8 atomic ratio. After leaching Al, this catalyst (Pt0.5–Ru0.5 (Al4)) displays a specific area of 38 m2g−1. Pt0.5–Ru0.5 (Al4) is a composite catalyst. It consists of two components: (i) small crystallites (∼4 nm) of a Pt–Al solid solution (1–3 Al wt%) of low Ru content, and (ii) larger Ru crystallites. It shows hydrogen oxidation performance and CO tolerance equivalent to those of Pt0.5–Ru0.5 Black from Johnson Matthey, the commercial catalyst which was found to be the most CO tolerant one in this study.
__label__0, The activities of acid and alkaline phosphatases were localized by enzyme histochemistry in the chondroepiphyses of 5 week old rabbits. Using paraformaldehyde-lysine-periodate as fixative, the activity of acid phosphatase was particularly well preserved and could be demonstrated not only in osteoclasts, but also in chondrocytes as well as in the cartilage and early endochondral matrices. The acid phosphatase in the chondrocytes and the matrix was tartrate-resistant, but inhibited by 2 mM sodium fluoride, whereas for osteoclasts 50–100 mM sodium fluoride were required for inhibition. Simultaneous localisation of both acid and alkaline phosphatase activities was possible in tissue that had been fixed in 85% ethanol and processed immediately. In the growth plates of the secondary ossification centre and the physis, there was a sequential localisation of the two phosphatases associated with chondrocyte maturation. The matrix surrounding immature epiphyseal chondrocytes or resting/proliferating growth plate chondrocytes contained weak acid phosphatase activity. Maturing chondrocytes were positive for alkaline phosphatase which spread to the matrix in the pre-mineralising zone, in a pattern that was consistent with the known location of matrix vesicles. The region of strong alkaline phosphatase activity was the precise region where acid phosphatase activity was reduced. With the onset of cartilage calcification, alkaline phosphatase activity disappeared, but strong acid phosphatase activity was found in close association with the early mineral deposition. Acid phosphatase activity was also present in the matrix of the endochondral bone, but was only found in early spicules which had recently mineralised. The results suggest that alkaline phosphatase activity is required in preparation of mineralization, whereas acid phosphatase activity might have a contributory role during the early progression of mineral formation.
__label__0, Eight Lathyrus sativus L. accessions from a variety of geographic origins were used to study intraspecific genetic diversity using RAPD analysis. Fourteen decamer primers produced 64 amplification products, 50% of which were polymorphic between the samples. Jaccard's coefficient of genetic similarity was calculated between samples and a dendrogram was constructed by an unweighted pair-group method with arithmetical averages (UPGMA). The dendrogram showed that most of the L. sativus plants clustered into accessions or common geographical areas. The average genetic similarity coefficient within accessions was 0.12 and between accessions was 0.20, indicating a low level of intraspecific genetic variation. Interspecific genetic diversity and phylogenetic relationships of eight Lathyrus species, including L. sativus and Pisum sativum L. (field pea) were examined using 14 decamer primers which produced 283 amplification products. All amplification products were polymorphic across the nine species. In the dendrogram the Lathyrus species clustered into three distinct groups which correlated with the Sections Lathyrus, Clymenum and Linearicarpus. This supports traditional taxonomic classifications of the genus Lathyrus which are based on morphological traits. Of the species from Section Lathyrus, L. gorgoni and L. cicera were the most similar to L. sativus. The results suggest that a strategy of breeding for producing lines of L. sativus with increased genetic variation would be effectively achieved through hybrid production between accessions from wide geographic areas particularly the Mediterranean area and the Indian subcontinent. However, the most effective method would be introgression of germplasm from other species in Section Lathyrus.
__label__0, Surface modification of as-received lithium foils was carried out using acid-base reactions of the native surface films on lithium metal with HF. Two types of as-received lithium foils covered with different native films were used as samples for this surface modification. One was a lithium foil having a very thin native surface film and the other one had a thicker native surface film. The surface condition of the lithium metal was analysed by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy before and after the surface modification using HF, and the coulombic efficiency was measured electrochemically. The thickness of the surface film on the modified lithium foils was related to the Li2O layer thickness in the native film on the as-received lithium foils. The modified lithium foil which had the thinner native surface film provided more uniform deposition of lithium and a higher coulombic efficiency during charge and discharge cycles when propylene carbonate electrolyte with 1.0 m LiPF6 was used as the electrolyte. These results show that the initial condition of the native surface film plays an important role in surface modification with HF.
__label__0, Let y1, y2,..., yn∈ Rq be independent, identically distributed random vectors with nonsingular covariance matrix Σ, and let S = S(y1,..., yn) be an estimator for Σ. A quantity of particular interest is the condition number of Σ-1 S. If the yi are Gaussian and S is the sample covariance matrix, the condition number of Σ-1 S, i.e. the ratio of its extreme eigenvalues, equals 1 + Op((q/n)1/2) as q →∞ and q/n → 0. The present paper shows that the same result can be achieved with two estimators based on Tyler's (1987, Ann. Statist., 15, 234-251) M-functional of scatter, assuming only elliptical symmetry of ℒ(yi) or less. The main tool is a linear expansion for this M-functional which holds uniformly in the dimension q. As a by-product we obtain continuous Fréchet-differentiability with respect to weak convergence.
__label__0, Three hundred twenty germplasm lines of the major Ethiopian cereal, tef, [ Eragrostis tef (Zucc.) Trotter], were evaluated for 20 morphological, phenological and agronomic characters in two-replicated randomized complete blocks at Debre Zeit and Melkassa Agricultural Research Centers in Ethiopia during the 1995 main season. The objectives were to assess the diversity of the lines, and to estimate the broad sense heritability (H) and genetic advance (GA) of the various characters. The mean squares of genotypes were highly significant (p ≤ 0.001) for all the traits. The phenotypic and genotypic coefficients of variation ranged in that order from about 6–40% and 3–23% for days to maturity and grain yield/plant, and days to maturity and number of spikelets/main shoot panicle, respectively. The cluster analysis grouped the genotypes into 14 major complexes consisting of one to 183 lines. Of the 19 principal components involved in explaining the entire variation among the genotypes the first five which had eigenvalues of more than one explained about 73.8%. The first principal component which accounted for about 34% of the total variance was due chiefly to plant height, culm and panicle length, diameters of the two basal culm internodes, main shoot panicle mass and grain yield, number of main shoot panicle branches and spikelets, and days to panicle emergence and maturity. Estimates of H varied from about 22% for length of the lowest main shoot stem internode to 74% for number of main shoot panicle branches. Values of GA (expected from selection of the superior 5% of the lines and expressed relative to the means) ranged from about 3% for days to maturity to 36% for number of spikelets/main shoot panicle. Overall, the study indicated the existence of trait diversity in tef germplasm and this can be exploited in the genetic improvement of the crop through hybridization and selection.
__label__0, The Ispahan emmer wheat, Triticum ispahanicum Heslot, was discovered in Iran 1957 by the French expedition of Vinnot- Bourgen. T. ispahanicum has a long glume and a more slender spike than T. turgidum var. polonicum. The objectives of this study were (1) to determine the inheritance and chromosomal location of the gene for long glume, P2, from T. ispahanicum using the near- isogenic line P2-LD222, and (2) to compare the effects of the genes for long glume. The gene for long glume, P2, was located approximately 36.5 cM from the cn-B1 locus, which controls the chlorina trait and approximately 40 cM from the centromere on the long arm of 7B. The location of P2 approximately 29.6 cM from the Pc locus produced additional evidence that the order of loci was cn-B1, P2, and Pc. This raises the possibility of a paralogous gene set conditioning long glumes. A significant deviation from a 3:1 ratio in the F2 of LDN 7D(7B)/P2-LD222 confirmed the location of P2 on chromosome 7B. It is proposed that T. ispahanicum originated as a mutation of a gene affecting glume length on chromosome 7B of T. dicoccum, a spelt type of cultivated tetraploid wheat.
__label__0, We have collected several hundred Drosophila melanogaster flies (near Davis, California), isolated them individually, without anesthesia, at the collecting site, and estimated the fitness components of the wild‐caught females under different environmental conditions. The fitness parameters measured are fecundity, oviposition rate, and productivity (egg‐to‐adult viability, development rate, and number of progeny). The environmental variables are two temperatures (22°C and 28°C) and two densities (‘scant’ and ‘crowded’). After the fitness measurements are completed for each individual female, its genotype is determined at four loci encoding enzymes: GPDH and ADH, located on chromosome II and PGM and EST‐C, located on chromosome III. Density has a large significant effect on productivity; temperature has significant effects on fecundity, oviposition rate, and development rate. The experiments show that allozyme polymorphisms are associated with selection effects. Fitness differences between allozyme genotypes occur for all fitness components, except oviposition rate. But which genotype is superior depends on the environmental conditions; heterozygotes exhibit higher fitness than homozygotes in a number of cases, but inferior in others. A unique feature of the present experiments is that the experimental flies are wild‐caught females rather than laboratory‐bred individuals.
__label__0, Econometric theory has achieved much. Still, there is a feeling in the profession that we are not providing the applied economist with the tools that he needs. In this paper I attempt to highlight the things that have occurred to me as being wrong or strange. The link between the items I discuss is the necessity of a focus. I discuss what an econometrician actually does, the relationship between econometrics and physics and econometrics and mathematical statistics, the gap between theory and practice, top-down and bottom-up methodology, weak links, aggregation and hierarchy, and how to take account of other studies. I conclude with an example from the theory of estimation under model uncertainty.
__label__0, We discuss the large-scale structure of the universe in inflationary cosmologyand the implications that it may have for the long-term future of civilizations.Although each civilization is doomed to perish, it may be possible to transmitits accumulated knowledge to future civilizations. We consider several scenariosof this sort. If the cosmological constant is positive, it eventually dominates theuniverse and bubbles of inflationary phase begin to nucleate at a constant rate.Thermalized regions inside these inflating bubbles will give rise to new galaxiesand civilizations. It is possible in principle to send a message to one of them. Itmight even be possible to send a device whose purpose is to recreate anapproximation of the original civilization in the new region. However, the messageor device will almost certainly be intercepted by black holes, which nucleate ata much higher rate than inflating bubbles. Formation of new inflating regionscan also be triggered by gravitational collapse, but again the probability is low,and the number of attempts required for a positive outcome is enormous. Theprobability can be higher if the energy scale of inflation is closer to the Planckscale, but a high energy scale produces a tight bound on the amount of informationthat can be transmitted. One can try to avoid quantum tunneling altogether, butthis requires a violation of quantum inequalities which constrain the magnitudeof negative energy densities. However, the limits of validity of quantuminequalities are not clear, and future research may show that the required violationis in fact possible. Therein lies the hope for the future of civilizations.
__label__0, By forming the square root of the Wheeler-DeWitt equation and applying itto a minisuperspace composed of a Kantowski-Sachs universe, we derive acosmological wave function with conserved current and positive-definiteprobability density.
__label__0, Recent advances in nonlinear dynamics demonstrate a remarkable complexity ofpatterns outside of equilibrium, which are derived from simple basic laws ofphysics. A class of mathematical models has been identified providing a varietyof such patterns in the form of static, periodic, or chaotic attractors. These modelsappear to be so general that they predict not only physical, but also biological,economic, and social patterns of behavior. Such a phenomenological reductionismmay suggest that, on the dynamical level of description, there is no differencebetween a solar system, a swarm of insects, and a stock market. However, thisconclusion is wrong for a very simple reason: Even primitive living speciespossess additional non-Newtonian properties which are not included in the lawsof Newtonian or statistical mechanics. These properties follow from a privilegedability of living species to possess a self-image (a concept introduced inmathematical psychology). In this paper we consider the existence of aself-image as a postulate to be added to classical physics for modeling behavior ofliving systems. We show that self-image can be incorporated into the mathematicalformalism of a nonlinear dynamics which evolves in probability space. Wedemonstrate that one of the basic invariants of living systems is their ability topredict the future, which is associated with intelligence.
__label__0, Stringy corrections to the ordinary Heisenberg uncertainty relations have been known for some time. However, a proper understanding of the underlying new physical principle modifying the ordinary Heisenberg uncertainty relations has not yet emerged. The author has recently proposed a new scale relativity theory as a physical foundation of string and M theories. In this work the stringy uncertainty relations, and corrections thereof, are rigorously derived from this new relativity principle without any ad-hoc assumptions. The precise connection between the Regge trajectory behavior of the string spectrum and the area quantization is also established.
__label__0, Quasi-set theory provides us a mathematical background for dealing with collections of indistinguishable elementary particles. In this paper, we show how to obtain the usual statistics (Maxwell–Boltzmann, Bose–Einstein, and Fermi–Dirac) into the scope of quasi-set theory. We also show that, in order to derive Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics, it is not necessary to assume that the particles are distinguishable or individuals. In other words, Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics is possible even in an ensamble of indistinguishable particles, at least from the theoretical point of view. The main goal of this paper is to provide the mathematical grounds of a quasi-set theoretical framework for statistical mechanics.
__label__0, Freud's original understanding of religion was categorically depreciative, and tended to portray religious faith in exclusively western and patriarchal terms (S. Freud, 1913/1989, 1927/1989). More recently, many of Freud's assertions about religion have been questioned. The psychoanalytic contributions of W. D. Fairbairn (1954), and D. W. Winnicott (1971) as well as the work of feminist scholars (N. Chodorow, 1974, 1989; C. Gilligan, 1993) and multicultural theorists (A. Roland, 1996) have profoundly shaken the metapsychological substructure upon which Freud rested his critique of spiritual faith. This paper describes how a gradual historical evolution has occurred in psychoanalytic theory, so that the work of such theorists as A. M. Rizutto (1979), M. H. Spero (1992), and H. Kohut (1984, 1985) now delineates the adaptive and creative place that religious experience can have in human development and psychological life.
__label__0, We study the notions of disjunctivity and alternativity of orthomodular posets inthe context of orthoprojections or skew projections in C *-algebras.
__label__0, The concept of forcefree motion is primitive, i.e., unexplained, in special relativity. The paper demonstrates a way to characterize it by “more primitive,” directly operationally interpreted notions. These are the worldlines of (more or less) pointlike, but non-quantum bodies and of light signals, clock parametrizations of the former kind of worldlines and the direction, in which an observer sees a light signal go out. Already at this general level one can define the “radar distance” and the “radar (initial) velocity” of one body with respect to another, and can define in a reasonable manner that two bodies move in “opposite directions” with respect to an observer. These concepts are then used to formulate a certain criterion for path structures which can experimentally be tested without presupposing inertial frames, atomic clocks, etc. It is demonstrated that the path structure of free motion in gravity-free regions of space-time, i.e., in the domain of validity of special relativity, satisfies that criterion.
__label__0, Suspension cultures were initiated from callus cultures of Allium cepa, which had been precultured on a solidified medium for 7 months. For another 3 months the 83 callus lines were kept in suspension culture. Each line is derived from a single zygotic embryo, 24 lines from onion and 59 lines from shallot. Of these, 20 suspension lines showed adequate growth and were used to test the effect of cytokinins on plant regeneration. On average, 1.25% of the calli produced shoots on a growth regulator-free medium (MS30: MS basal medium supplemented with 30 g/l sucrose). Thus plant regeneration decreased significantly with time because the overall average plant regeneration frequency was 35.5% after 3 months of culture on solidified medium. Plant regeneration after 3 months proved not to be a reliable predictor of plant regeneration after 10 months in vitro culture. Overall only 0.25–0.88% of the calli produced shoots when the regeneration medium was supplemented with different types and concentrations of cytokinins. Contrary to expectations, the type and concentration of cytokinins could not increase the shoot regeneration capacity. However as expected, the increasing cytokinin concentration (especially TDZ at the range of 1–5 mg/l) led to a decrease in root formation. Plant regeneration proved to be highly dependent upon the line used. The best line was atm24 with an overall shoot regeneration capacity of 4.62% (among the 13 treatments); it had its highest shoot regeneration on MS30 treatment with 12.5%. The results obtained show that for the development of a reliable transformation protocol only young callus material (< 3 months), which has still a high regeneration potential, can be used.
__label__0, The literature on anorexia often overlooks the important role of the father in the complex etiology of the illness. This paper examines the father's role and how it impacts on the psychological development of his anorectic daughter. Premorbid and comorbid personality components such as dependency, perfectionism, and high achievement, are shown to be influenced by the father. His role is again significant at the onset of adolescence, when his daughter needs his affirmation as she struggles to make the transition from childhood to womanhood. Socialization of the sexes is implicated in hindering the father/daughter relationship, as is the father's fear of sexual attraction to his developing daughter. The effect of a patriarchal society on the development of anorexia in girls is also explored. The nature of the society we live in is thought to further complicate the anorectic girl's relationship with her father.
__label__0, Raising and lowering operators of a two-dimensional hydrogen atom are derivedby an Ansatz method.
__label__0, Recently, a class of \(\mathcal{P}\mathcal{T}\)-invariant scalar quantum field theories described by the non-Hermitian Lagrangian \(\mathcal{L}\)=\( \frac{1}{2} \)(∂ϕ)2+gϕ2(iϕ)ε was studied. It was found that there are two regions of ε. For ε<0 the \(\mathcal{P}\mathcal{T}\)-invariance of the Lagrangian is spontaneously broken, and as a consequence, all but the lowest-lying energy levels are complex. For ε≥0 the \(\mathcal{P}\mathcal{T}\)-invariance of the Lagrangian is unbroken, and the entire energy spectrum is real and positive. The subtle transition at ε=0 is not well understood. In this paper we initiate an investigation of this transition by carrying out a detailed numerical study of the effective potential V eff (ϕc) in zero-dimensional spacetime. Although this numerical work reveals some differences between the ε<0 and the ε>0 regimes, we cannot yet see convincing evidence of the transition at ε=0 in the structure of the effective potential for \(\mathcal{P}\mathcal{T}\)-symmetric quantum field theories.
__label__0, The problem of a relativistic free particle on a line with a hole, which ischaracterized in terms of boundary conditions for a one-dimensional DiracHamiltonian perturbed at one point, is reviewed. We show that the generalfour-parameter family of point interactions earlier obtained by Falkensteiner andGrosse can be written in two forms: In one of them three subfamilies of boundaryconditions are obtained. In the nonrelativistic limit one of these subfamiliescoincides with those given by Carreau et al. and Carreau. In the other form, threesubfamilies of boundary conditions are also obtained, two of which coincide withthose studied by Benvegnu;ag and Dabrowski. In the nonrelativistic limit all thesesubfamilies coincide with those studied by Albeverio et al. The most generalsubfamilies for which the Dirac Hamiltonian is invariant under space inversionΦP as well as under time reversal T and PΦT are obtained. Only these subfamiliesrepresent delta-type Dirac point interactions. Typical relativistic andnonIrelativistic boundary conditions are therein included.
__label__0, The equivalence statements for quantum scalar field vacuum states that havebeen used for the thermal-like Hawking effect and Unruh effect are surveyed.An important ingredient in this framework is the concept of a vacuum field noisespectrum, by which one can obtain information about the curvature invariants ofclassical worldlines (relativistic classical trajectories). It is argued, in the spiritof the free-fall-type universality, that the preferred quantum field vacua withrespect to accelerated worldlines should be chosen from the class of all thosepossessing stationary spectra for their quantum fluctuations. For scalar quantumfield vacua there are six stationary cases, as shown by Letaw some time ago,and reviewed here. However, nonstationary vacuum noises can be treated by afew mathematical methods that are mentioned as well. Since the informationabout the kinematical curvature invariants of the worldlines is of radiometricorigin, suggestions are given on the more useful application of such an academicformalism to radiation and beam radiometric standards for high-energyaccelerators and in astrophysics. We conclude with a look at related axiomaticquantum field topics and some other recent work.
__label__0, Generalizing a recent proposal leading to one-parameter families of Hamiltoniansand to new sets of squeezed states, we construct larger classes of physicallyadmissible Hamiltonians permitting new developments in squeezing. We alsodiscuss coherence.
__label__0, What can we expect from subsidies for the long-term unemployed? According to Snower (1994a) unemployment would fall dramatically. Furthermore, the subsidy scheme would pay for itself. In this paper we argue that the impact on unemployment is more likely to be limited and is unlikely to constitute a ‘free lunch.’ We present an adapted version of MIMIC where we model the distinction between short and long-term unemployment explicitly. Simulation results on subsidies for the long-term unemployed are in line with the findings of microlevel studies on actually implemented subsidy schemes for the long-term unemployed. The simulation results are in contrast with Snower's analysis.
__label__0, Chromosomal locations of crossability genes in tetraploid wheat Ailanmai with high crossability native to Jianyang of Sichuan province, China, was determined by aneuploid analysis employing the D-genome chromosome substitution lines of Langdon durum wheat and monosomic lines of common wheat, Abbondanza. High crossability of Ailanmai was attributed to recessive crossability alleles on chromosomes 1A, 6A and 7A. The effects of chromosomes 7A and 1A were stronger than chromosome 6A. These results indicated that high crossability in Chinese tetraploid wheat cv. Ailanmai and Chinese hexaploid wheat is controlled by different genetic systems.
__label__0, The mounting evidence that the universe is presently undergoing acceleratingexpansion has restored some credit to the scenarios with a nonvanishingcosmological constant. From the point of view of a theory of fundamentalinteractions, one may argue that a dynamical component with negative pressureis easier to achieve. As an illustration, the quintessence scenario is described andits shortcomings are discussed in connection with the nagging “cosmologicalconstant problem.”
__label__0, An (N + 1)-dimensional quantum mechanical model for the origin of the universeresults in a 58e-fold inflation and a cosmological constant/vacuum energy densitywith ΩΛ ≈ 1.
__label__0, The braided differential bialgebras on braided matrix algebras (with bothmultiplicative and additive coproducts) and on quantum hyperplanes (withadditive coproduct) are proven to be covariant under the braided coactions ofthe quantized braided groups, which contain the usual quantum group-covarianceas a special case. This means that the above braided differential bialgebras havemore and richer symmetries. It is also shown that the braided matrix algebraitself and the related braided differential algebra constitute two braided rings withthe two above-mentioned coproducts.
__label__0, A framework for discussing (through the concepts of ‘model’ and ‘field of experience’) the nature of the relationships between contexts and the formation of mathematical knowledge is proposed, and some educational, cultural and cognitive problems of situated teaching-learning are tackled within it. This framework is supported and illustrated with references to the curricular innovation and educational research carried out by the Genoa group, of which the authors are members.
__label__0, A set of T. aestivum-L. elongatum chromosome substitution lines was tested for yellow rust resistance at the seedling stage. Inheritance of the resistance and esterase-5 (Est-5) variation were studied. The results demonstrated that L.elongatum carried a new gene(s) conferring yellow rust resistance. This gene was dominant and located on chromosome 3E of L. elongatum. The biochemical locus encoding Est-5was also located on chromosome 3E, and co-segregated with theYr gene(s) in the wheat background. The transmission frequencies of chromosome 3E in 3E(3A) × CS, 3E(3B) × CS and 3E(3D) × CS hybrids were scored.None of the hybrids transmitted the alien chromosome at thetheoretical maximum rate, but the transmission frequencies ofchromosome 3E in F2 populations of 3E(3A) × CS and 3E(3D) × CS were significantly higher than in thatof 3E(3B) × CS.
__label__0, We present a global analysis of the distribution of 43 transposable elements (TEs) in 228 species of the Drosophila genus from our data and data from the literature. Data on chromosome localization come from in situ hybridization and presence/absence of the elements from southern analyses. This analysis shows great differences between TE distributions, even among closely related species. Some TEs are distributed according to the phylogeny of their host specie; others do not entirely follow the phylogeny, suggesting horizontal transfers. A higher number of insertion sites for most TEs in the genome of D. melanogaster is observed when compared with that in D. simulans. This suggests either intrinsic differences in genomic characteristics between the two species, or the influence of differing effective population sizes, although biases due to the use of TE probes coming mostly from D. melanogaster and to the way TEs are initially detected in species cannot be ruled out. Data on TEs more specific to the species under consideration are necessary for a better understanding of their distribution in organisms and populations.
__label__0, The relative value of haploid Tuberosum-Solanum chacoense (TCH) vs. Solanum phureja-haploid Tuberosum (PTH) hybrids as male parents in 4x–2x crosses was estimated under two distinct crop management systems. The first experiment (E#1) was carried out with supplementary irrigation (three times a week) at Hancock-Wisconsin (WI) with 27 families derived from a sub-set of crosses involving 11 tetraploid (4x) cultivars and 10 diploid (2x) clones (3 TCH; 6 PTH; and one TCH-PTH hybrid clone). A second experiment (E#2) was conducted at Rhinelander-WI with the same group of families but it was only rainfed with no supplementary irrigation being provided during the entire course of the assay. For comparison, a complete set of 4x and 2x clones (used as parents) was also planted in each location. Three traits were evaluated in both locations: total tuber yield (TTY), haulm maturity (HM), and plant vigor (PV). Altogether, 18 out of 27 and 10 out of 27 families outyielded the corresponding 4x parents at E#1 and E#2, respectively. Significant differences among all 4x–2x families and among families of the TCH group were observed for TTY at both locations. No difference was found for TTY among families of PTH and [TCH–PTH] groups at each location. A total of 75% and 50% of the TCH families outyielded their 4x parents at E#1 and E#2, respectively. The percentage of families from the PTH group that outyielded their 4x parents at E#1 and E#2 was 83.3% and 25%, respectively. The TCH group had on average lower HM scores than PTH (at both locations) indicating some segregation for earliness. However, the HM values of the 4x–2x families were, in general, higher than those observed for the 4x parents. For PV, the PTH group mean was significantly higher than TCH group only in E#1. The PV values of the 4x–2x families were higher than the 4x-parent group at both locations. Our results indicated that TCH hybrids might be as good parents as PTH to increase the TTY of 4x–2x progenies. In addition, the TCH families displayed a slight higher level of performance under more stressful growing conditions than PTH hybrids as indicated by the assay at Rhinelander. Therefore, selection of genetic materials with potential broad range of adaptation seems to be feasible with both hybrids via the 4x–2x breeding scheme.
__label__0, Wild Brassica species and associated breeding lines were evaluated for their resistance to Delia radicum, the cabbage root fly, in the field in 1993 and in the field, glasshouse and laboratory in 1996. High levels of antibiosis resistance were discovered in the field in 1993 in Brassica fruticulosa, B. incana, B. villosa and B. spinescens and confirmed in the field in 1996 while two B. oleracea accessions and the susceptible control Brussels sprouts variety, ‘Oliver’, were highly susceptible. No D. radicum pupae were found in the soil around the roots of B. fruticulosa and B. spinescens at the end of the season. All the Brassica species were attractive to egg-laying by D. radicum in the field and in a laboratory experiment and therefore lacked antixenosis resistance. In a series of glasshouse experiments, Brassica species and breeding lines were inoculated with D. radicum eggs supplied from a laboratory culture and the effects of larval feeding on plants recorded. Brassica incana, B. fruticulosa and B. spinescens were highly resistant, most plants surviving, whilst B. macrocarpa and B. villosa were moderately resistant as were two F1 lines bred from a cross between B. macrocarpa and B. oleracea.
__label__0, Over the last decade universities have been subjected to various forms of academic accountability designed to maintain or improve the quality of their teaching and learning. A shared perspective of many of these accountability processes is that universities should become skilled at creating knowledge for the improvement of teaching and learning, and at modifying their behavior to reflect this new knowledge. In short, that universities should become “learning organizations.” What are the organizational characteristics of an academic learning organization? The paper will address this question by reviewing the adaptations in organizational structure and governance reported by universities attempting to improve the quality of their teaching and learning processes.
__label__0, Informal interviews and ethnographic research are usedto identify the motivations of Japanese women to studyin Britain, and to examine their experience asstudents as well as peripheral members of the laborforce. It is found that Japanese women's motivationsto come to Britain to study are encouraged by theforces of globalization, including economic, culturaland intellectual factors. Women are also pushed tostudy abroad by domestic factors, as although Japanhas developed an egalitarian education system for bothsexes, women still encounter conservative social normswhich constrain their lives and limit their jobprospects. Japanese women's experiences of highereducation in Britain are mixed. Some women feel thattheir presence is merely tolerated and that they arenot encouraged in their academic endeavours. Othersfind British higher education gives them theopportunity to develop their critical faculties and tobecome integrated into the life of the institution. These mixed responses are indicative of thecontradictory consequences of globalization ineducation. Globalization has helped to give neweducational opportunities to Japanese women. However,it has also created an international recruitmentmarket in which some higher education institutionsview students in financial terms and not as members ofa scholarly community. One of the ironies ofglobalization, therefore, is that the mutualeducational advantages of cross cultural contact areundermined by a reductive, narrowly economic view offoreign students as a source of revenue.
__label__0, NADH coenzyme Q reductase (EC 1.6.5.3) has been suggested in the literature to be inactivated by ischaemia. In the present study, NADH coenzyme Q reductase activity was localized in unfixed cryostat sections of ischaemic rat livers and quantified using image analysis. In vitro ischaemia was induced by storage of rat liver fragments for 30, 60, and 120 min at 37°C. In vivo ischaemia was provoked by clamping the afferent vessels of median and left lateral liver lobes for 60 min followed by 30, 60 and 180 min of reperfusion. NADH coenzyme Q reductase activity was demonstrated with the tetrazolium salt method in the presence of polyvinyl alcohol. Final reaction product was found in liver parenchymal cells and its distribution was homogeneous within liver lobules. Only low amounts of final reaction product were formed when the incubation was performed in the absence of the substrate NADH. A non-linear relation was found between the absorbance and incubation time when the reaction was performed in the presence of NADH. Therefore, the initial velocity was taken as the true rate of enzyme activity. A linear relationship was found for the initial velocity and section thickness up to 6 µm followed by a levelling off. Electron microscopically, NADH coenzyme Q reductase activity was localized at the outer and inner membranes of mitochondria. In vitro ischaemia up to 120 min did not affect NADH coenzyme Q reductase activity. At 30 min reperfusion after in vivo ischaemia for 60 min enzyme activity was slightly decreased in certain foci which also showed diminished lactate dehydrogenase activity. A further decrease of enzyme activities in foci was observed at 180 min reperfusion after ischaemia. It is concluded that NADH coenzyme Q reductase activity is not sensitive to ischaemia. Furthermore, it is likely that the enzyme leaks from liver parenchymal cells into the circulation during reperfusion after ischaemia.
__label__0, This paper describes a model in which monetary shocks have persistent real effects. Starting from the limited participation model of Christiano (1991) with capital adjustment costs as suggested by Dow (1995) it is confirmed that costs of equipment installation and restrictions on consumer portfolio choices alone cannot account for the observed effects of monetary policy. However, after introducing nominal wage contracts as a third friction, the model generates real effects of monetary shocks. It is shown that these real effects are highly persistent for a realistic size of adjustment costs and strongly autocorrelated money growth shocks which are typical for Europe.
__label__0, This paper explores the implications of thedevelopment and extension of national andinternational intellectual property regimes (IPRs) forthe liberal university. It argues that dynamics setinto motion by IPRs are eroding the university'sability to reproduce itself in two ways. On the onehand, IPRs are reducing the university's ability todraw on and to replenish the intellectual commonswhich is one fundamental precondition of its survival.IPRs are also preventing academics from fulfillingtheir public service mission which may undermine thepopular support for the university that is alsocrucial to its survival. These two mutuallyreinforcing developments are making it increasinglydifficult for the liberal university to continue on asit has. Indeed, they are producing a qualitativetransformation of the institution that will be verycostly to society, in both economic and social terms.The paper argues that although current developmentspose very serious threats to the liberal university'sfuture, there is still time to intervene in order topreempt or to alter them. The paper concludes with adiscussion of strategies that may enable the liberaluniversity to survive, if not flourish, in the currentcontext. In particular, a strategy of pursuing broadIP exemptions for universities isadvocated.
__label__0, SIRE-1 is a multi-copy, Ty1-copia-like retroelement family found in the genome of Glycine max. A sequenced SIRE-1 genomic copy has an uninterrupted ORF that can be translated into a gag-pol polyprotein, followed by an unprecedented second ORF whose conceptual translation yielded a theoretical protein predicted to possess many of the same secondary structural elements found in mammalian retroviral envelope proteins. Similar, but clearly pseudogenic, envelope-like sequences were recovered from conceptual translations of 10 Arabidopsis Gen-Bank accessions. All were associated with identifiable Ty1-copia-like retroelements. Phylogenetic analysis of the adjacent ribonuclease H regions from these sequences and three similarly endowed elements, two from maize and one from tomato, indicate that the 14 elements constitute a monophyletic group distinct from several closely related plant Ty1-copia-like elements in which polis immediately followed by a downstream LTR. The conservation of identifiable env-like gene features suggests that these plant elements are endogenous retroviruses whose ancestors were acquired from animal vectors. The finding that the env and env-less retroelements identified in this study form distinct lineages does not support the hypothesis that horizontal transmission of retrotransposons is sponsored by ancestral infectious retroviruses that subsequently lost all traces of env genes.
__label__0, We present an updated area code hypothesis supporting the proposal that cell surface display of seven-transmembrane olfactory receptors, protocadherins and other cell surface receptors provide codes that enable cells to find their correct partners as they sculpture embryos. The genetic mechanisms that program the expression of such displays have been largely unknown until very recently. However, increasing evidence now suggests that precise developmental control of the expression of these genes during embryogenesis is achieved in part by permanent and heritable changes in DNA. Using the developing immune system as a model, we discuss two different types of developmentally programmed genetic switches, each of which relies on recombination mechanisms related to mobile elements. We review new evidence suggesting the involvement of mobile element related switch mechanisms in the generation of protocadherin molecules, and their possible involvement in the control of expressions of olfactory receptors. As both recombinase and reverse transcriptase mechanisms play a role in the switching of the immunoglobulin genes, we searched the databases of expressed sequence tags (dbEST) for expression of related genes in other tissues. We present data revealing that transposases and reverse transcriptases are widely expressed in most tissues. We also searched these databases for expression of env (envelope) gene products, stimulated by provocative results suggesting that these molecules might function as cellular address receptors. We found that env genes are also expressed in large numbers in normal human tissues. One must assume that these three different types of mobile-element-related messenger RNA molecules (transposases, reverse transcriptases, and env proteins) are expressed for use in functions of value in the various tissues and have been preserved in the genome because of their selective advantages.We conclude that it is possible that many specific cell lineage decisions are made and remembered by means of genetic switches similar to those that control the immunoglobulin and protocadherin and, probably, the seven transmembrane/olfactory gene families. We also conclude that complex genetic programs utilizing mobile-element-related genes program these events.
__label__0, In this paper I investigate the impact of overnight floating of the official rate and easing foreign exchange restrictions on post-unification domestic inflation rate. After analysing the behaviour of an economy under dual foreign exchange markets, an official market with a crawling foreign exchange rate and a free illegal parallel market. The paper also shows that maintaining a unified free exchange rate depends on the degree of foreign exchange restrictions under dual foreign exchange system and on the level of the official reserve that prompts foreign exchange liberalisation policy.
__label__0, Some aspects of the electrodeposition of copper and cobalt from aqueous sulphate solutions containing low concentrations of their ions were studied with a view to heavy metal removal via an electrochemical process. Both metals were deposited on a vitreous carbon rotating disc electrode. Deposits formed under different conditions were studied employing linear sweep voltammetry, scanning electron microscopy and EDAX surface analysis. Constant potential electrolysis was used to simulate recovery in a laboratory batch reactor. Copper can be deposited without cobalt interference at potentials as cathodic as −1.0 V despite high Co concentrations. At more negative potentials, both metals are deposited simultaneously, although the copper proportion in the binary mixture is greater than that corresponding to the solution concentration ratio. Voltammetry studies effected under conditions in which codeposition occurs show only minor changes in copper behaviour. On the other hand, cobalt behaviour exhibits significant modifications. Even though formation of an intermetallic compound is possible, ASVL and microscopy tests indicate cobalt deposition in different crystalline forms as the more probable cause. In turn, cobalt deposition depends on the polarization conditions of the electrode and on the cobalt and copper concentrations.
__label__0, In the paper we consider one of the faster growing Central European emerging markets: the Budapest Stock Exchange (BSE), in order to see whether the market becomes more weak-form efficient over time. The Hungarian exchange is selected because it is the oldest stock exchange operating in the region and, in 1995, it was the first Central European exchange admitted by the London Stock Exchange as a properly regulated stock exchange. As an econometric tool for comparative analysis, we use a Test for Evolving Efficiency (TEE). In a comparison of nine stocks and the market index (BUX) we found that the BSE becomes more mature but the process is surprisingly slow.
__label__0, This paper uses Bayesian stochastic frontier methods to measure the productivity gap between Poland and Western countries that existed before the beginning of the main Polish economic reform. Using data for 20 Western economies, Poland and Yugoslavia (1980–1990) we estimate a translog stochastic frontier and make inference about individual efficiencies. Following the methodology proposed in our earlier work, we also decompose output growth into technical, efficiency and input changes and examine patterns of growth in the period under consideration.
__label__0, Electrodeposition of carbon on an aluminum electrode was studied in a LiCl–KCl–K2CO3 melt. A cyclic voltammogram for an aluminum electrode indicates that the cathodic current is due to the reduction of CO3 2− ions. Carbon films on aluminum substrates were obtained by potentiostatic electrolysis, and the cohesiveness of the films depended on the potential. SEM observations showed that the morphology of the deposited carbon film depends on the electrolytic conditions. Raman spectroscopy, XPS and XAES measurement showed that the film consisted of carbon in the sp2 state.
__label__0, Knowledge of genetic relationships among genotypes is essential for the effective utilisation of germplasm, especially for poorly characterised species. Random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) analysis provides a quick and reliable method for resolving genetic relationships. Although Cucurbita moschata Duch, also known as tropical pumpkin, is one of the most important vegetable crops in Africa, being adapted to a wide range of climatic and soil conditions, it is a scientifically neglected species. The objectives of this study were to (1) analyse the amount of genetic diversity inC. moschata landraces grown in south-central Africa and (2) classify the landraces to assist in selection of parent genotypes for improvement of fruit characteristics. Cluster analysis, based on 39 polymorphic and 105 monomorphic DNA fragments amplified by 16 primers, was used to show relationships among 31 genotypes obtained from Zambia and Malawi. The analysis revealed four clusters, with genotypes from Malawi mainly clustering in three clusters while all genotypes from Zambia and three from Malawi clustered in one cluster. The pair-wise mean genetic distance was 0.32 ± 0.04 for samples from Malawi and 0.26 ± 0.04 for samples from Zambia. The possible application of the resulting classification in breeding of C. moschata is discussed.
__label__0, In this paper we introduce a Markov chain imbeddable vector of multinomial type and a Markov chain imbeddable variable of returnable type and discuss some of their properties. These concepts are extensions of the Markov chain imbeddable random variable of binomial type which was introduced and developed by Koutras and Alexandrou (1995, Ann. Inst. Statist. Math., 47, 743–766). By using the results, we obtain the distributions and the probability generating functions of numbers of occurrences of runs of a specified length based on four different ways of counting in a sequence of multi-state trials. Our results also yield the distribution of the waiting time problems.
__label__0, Stromelysin-1 (matrix metalloproteinase-3) or proteoglycanase was visualized by light and electron microscopy immunolabelling in the forming zone of rat incisors. In predentine, labelling was more dense at the transition zone between the inner proximal third and the two outer thirds. Odontoblast processes were also positively stained, mostly in predentine and to a lesser degree in dentine. The dentine–enamel junction was intensely labelled, whereas dentine and forming enamel were only faintly stained. Gold–antibodies complexes were seen inside secretory ameloblasts and odontoblasts in cytosolic locations. The distribution of stromelysin-1 was compared with the distribution of 2-B-6 epitope, an antibody recognizing chondroitin-4-sulphate/dermatan sulphate and which showed a decreasing gradient from the proximal zone to the distal part of predentine. In contrast, both 5-D-4, an anti-keratan sulphate antibody and an anti-lumican antibody displayed a reversed distribution, with an increase seen from the proximal and central thirds to the distal part of predentine. This coordinated distribution suggests that stromelysin-1 may have a functional role, being implicated in predentine in the degradation of chondroitin-4-sulphate/dermatan sulphate-containing proteoglycans, and consequently allowing keratan sulphate proteoglycan concentration to increase near the border where mineralization is initiated.
__label__0, Comparative results of electrochemical investigations of polymeric composites with different contents of carbon black and graphite activated with ruthenium oxides are presented. Electrochemical impedance measurements (EIS), enabling determination of electrical and electrochemical properties of polymeric composites, were accompanied by potential measurements performed during a 21-day galvanostatic polarization at 5 A m−2 current density. Gravimetric measurements were also made to determine the extent of anode consumption. It was demonstrated that the presence of ruthenium oxides characterised by high electrocatalytic activity in the polymeric composites causes an improvement in the polarisation characteristics, a decrease in the value and improvement in stability of the potential during long-term operation, and also a decrease in the anode consumption, as compared to composites exclusively containing activated carbon black.
__label__0, In recent policy discussions in the Netherlands, the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) has been put forward as an instrument to reduce the unemployment rate among low-skilled workers. Using MIMIC, CPB's applied general equilibrium model for the Netherlands, this article discusses the economic impact of different forms of the EITC. The analysis reveals that moderately targeting the EITC to the unskilled makes the instrument more effective in reducing unemployment. The targeting concept features decreasing returns, however. Indeed, it may be counterproductive if the EITC is targeted at a very small income range. Furthermore, targeting the EITC to the low skilled induces adverse effects on the quality and quantity of labour supply because it raises the marginal tax burden on medium-income workers.
__label__0, The number of modes of a density f can be estimated by counting the number of 0-downcrossings of an estimate of the derivative f′, but this often results in an overestimate because random fluctuations of the estimate in the neighbourhood of points where f is nearly constant will induce spurious counts. Instead of counting the number of 0-downcrossings, we count the number of "significant" modes by counting the number of downcrossings of an interval [-∈, ∈]. We obtain consistent estimates and confidence intervals for the number of "significant" modes. By letting ∈ converge slowly to zero, we get consistent estimates of the number of modes. The same approach can be used to estimate the number of critical points of any derivative of a density function, and in particular the number of inflection points.
__label__0, The paper describes a curriculum development pilot study in a rural village in India. The purpose of the study was to develop and test application of an ecological inventory approach to curriculum development integrating academic and functional skill training. Ecologically valid curricula teach the knowledge, skills, attitudes and values required by students to function effectively in current and future environments (e.g., urban and/or rural, academic, vocational, domestic, community and recreational) in which the students perform. The discussion illustrates application of ecological inventories and describes several related data collection instruments and procedures. The paper also describes an Integrated Core Curriculum Structure (ICCS) as a guide for designing curricula based on ecological inventories. An example is provided of a practical Thematic Unit Plan derived from the ICCS and integrating a variety of functional and academic skills into a guide for instruction and evaluation. The discussion provides a clear insight into many of the problems faced by students, school leavers and graduates in rural areas of developing countries, both in their daily lives and as they plan for their futures.
__label__0, In a 2-years experiment, 30 wheat cultivars and 21 landraces from different countries were tested under near optimum and drought stress conditions. Plant height, number of sterile spikelets per spike, spikelets per spike, number of kernels per spike, kernel weight per spike, 1000 kernel weight and grain yield were evaluated. The number of kernels per spike, 1000 kernel weight and especially yield were more sensitive to drought stress in the cultivars than plant height and number of spikelets per spike, while in the landraces these traits did not differ under drought stress compared to near optimum conditions. The average yield of cultivars was significantly better than the average yield of landraces under near optimum as well as drought stress conditions. Path coefficient analysis showed that for cultivars under near optimum conditions there was no significant direct association of any of the analysed characters with yield, while under drought stress conditions, number of kernels per spike had a significant positive direct effect. Under drought stress conditions, the number of sterile spikelets displayed a negative direct effect, while kernel weight per spike had a positive direct effect on yield. Hierarchical cluster analysis was used as a tool to classify cultivars and landraces according to their yield ability under near optimum and drought stress conditions. Among the cultivars, two groups out of five and among one of three in the landraces were characterised by high yields in both near optimum as well as under drought stress conditions. These genotypes may serve as sources of germplasm for breeding for drought tolerance.
__label__0, A qualitative case study research was conducted to investigate the process of evaluation and implementation of a Standard-based textbook by two seventh grade middle school mathematics teachers over a period of two years. The data suggested that teachers' mathematical knowledge was the greatest influence on how they evaluated and implemented the textbook. This mathematical knowledge manifested itself in how the teachers planned their instruction, interacted with students, and used the textbook in their classes.
__label__0, Various forms of green fluorescent protein (GFP) have become important reporters of gene transfer and expression after transfection or infection of cells in cell culture. Frequently, molecular biological assays (Northern blots, PCR) are applied to detect reporter gene expression in target organs. However, these methods are not suitable for evaluation of tissue- or cell-specific expression which would be of great interest especially in case of using tissue-specific promoters. Therefore, organs of transgenic mice with the enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) gene under control of the cytomegalovirus (CMV) promoter were processed for histology by formaldehyde fixation and embedding in paraffin. Sections were deparaffinized, mounted and evaluated for fluorescence in a confocal laser scanning microscope. This method combines the advantages of direct exploitation of tissue sections without further staining procedures with evaluable tissue-, cell-, and even subcellular-specific distribution patterns of EGFP expression in tissues. Results obtained by direct evaluation of EGFP fluorescence in paraffin sections were confirmed by immunohistochemical staining with anti-EGFP. In the present report, we demonstrate that application of confocal microscopy on routinely processed histological preparations is very suitable for determining gene transfer efficiency and promotor activities.
__label__0, Using cross-sectional data from industrialized and developing economies, we examine long-run growth regressions linking government policies, informal employment and real GDP per worker. We find that changes in government policies of taxation and enforcement significantly affect growth in the informal sector. Further, we show that increases (decreases) in informal employment significantly and negatively (positively) affect a country's growth rate of real GDP per worker. The empirical link between government policies, informal employment and real GDP per worker holds irrespective of a country's development. On average, changes in government policies, through their effect on the size of the informal sector, account for 6 percent of the growth rate of real GDP per worker between 1960 and 1990.
__label__0, The alteration in sinusoidal collagen type IV occurrence, and myofibroblastic (α-SMA-positive) Ito cellular transformation are described in the liver of patients with malignant gastric and colorectal tumors, using electron microscopy as well as light microscopical and ultrastructural immunohistochemistry. The ultrastructural finding revealed transformation of Ito cells mostly into transitional cells in highly differentiated primary tumors and into transitional and myofibroblast-like cells with expressed changes in the other sinusoidal cells in poorly differentiated tumors. Ito cell numbers increased significantly in the livers of cancer patients. A highly significant statistical association was obtained between Ito cell numbers on the one hand and collagen type IV and α-SMA immunoreactivity on the other hand in the pericentral zone of the liver lobule.Ultrastructural immunohistochemistry showed increased collagen IV immune deposits in the space of Disse, assembled for the most part around and inside transitional cells. α-SMA immunoreactivity was detected in activated Ito cells diffuse in the lobule, with stronger expression in the intermediate and pericentral zones. It is suggested that stimuli which can influence Ito cell transformation are produced by tumor cells from the primary tumor (TGF-β1, TNF-α, PDGF-β etc.) and from the metastasizing gastric or colorectal tumor cells – matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2). It is suggested that sinusoidal extracellular matrix deterioration creates a barrier for cancer invasion on the one hand, or possibly facilitates metastasizing by ensurance of matrix for adhesion on the other hand.
__label__0, Parasitic flowering weeds of the genus Striga aremajor biotic constraints to sorghum (Sorghum bicolor(L.) Moench) production in sub-Saharan Africa. The agar-gel assay was used to evaluate stimulation ofStriga hermonthica (Del.) Benth. seed germination by a complete F1 diallel involving nine sorghum cultivars and inbred lines. Striga populations from Mali and Niger were employed. The same genetic materials were planted in pot trials in both countries to observe striga plant emergence. Variation in hybrid performance was determined by general (GCA) and specific combining ability (SCA) effects, with preponderance of GCA, for both germination distance in the agar-gel assay and number of emerged striga. Reciprocal effects were significant only in the agar-gel assay and were unstable across striga populations. For lines and hybrids, estimates of broad-sense heritabilities were 0.97 and 0.91 for germination distance, and 0.38 and 0.58 for emerged striga, respectively. Only a weak positive relationship existed between in vitro germination distance and emerged striga number in the pot trial. Although selection for low germination distance has merit, valuable material with resistance mechanisms other than low stimulant production may be lost if these traits are not additionally assessed. Laboratory assays which allow a non-destructive, quick and economical screening for resistance mechanisms other than the low stimulant character are likely to increase the efficiency of breeding programs for striga resistance. The significant contribution of SCA effects indicates that thorough screening of testcrosses is indispensable for selection in hybrid sorghum breeding programs.
__label__0, Catalysts prepared from a mixture of Mn3O4 powders and carbon blacks carrying pyrolytic MnO2 were investigated for catalysis of oxygen reduction. It was found that the introduction of Mn3O4 to the pyrolysis process of manganous nitrate carried out on carbon blacks improved the performance of air electrodes as the amount of Mn3O4 was controlled within 15 wt% relative to the weight of carbon carrier. The mechanism of this improved behaviour was also investigated using X-ray diffraction (XRD). The results showed that Mn3O4 induced the formation of favourable MnO2 crystalline grains during the pyrolysis of manganous nitrate. The induced effect and the blocking effect of Mn3O4 on the catalysis of air electrodes catalysed by pyrolytic MnO2 were demonstrated both on carbon black and porous carbon carriers.
__label__0, Copper and tin were electrodeposited on platinum substrates from a 1.0 M sulphuric acid plating bath in the presence and absence of tartrate. Voltammetric curves indicated two deposition processes, at −0.310 and −0.640 V, which do not shift upon addition of tartrate to the plating bath. The presence of tartrate decreased the current density in the region of the more cathodic process. The metals were electrodeposited at both deposition potentials and the deposits have the same proportions of copper and tin either with or without tartrate in the plating bath, as observed by AAS. X-ray spectra suggested that a mixture of Cu and η-Cu6Sn5 alloy was deposited at the less cathodic potential. SEM analysis showed that tartrate affects the morphology of the films.
__label__0, The development of rat fundic gland was studied by immunohistochemistry using a recently developed monoclonal antibody, HIK 1083, at both light and electron microscope levels. Antibody HIK 1083 recognized oligosaccharides with a non-reducing terminal α-linked N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc) residue. In the developing rat fundic gland, cells expressing α-GlcNAc residues were discernible from day 19.5 of gestation and continued to exist till adult. The distribution of the α-GlcNAc expressing cells was consistent with that described previously for cells reacting to Griffonia simplicifolia lectin (GSA-II) in all developmental stages. These cells were located at the bottom of the fundic gland when they first appeared. With the elongation and maturation of the gland, these cells moved upwards and were finally restricted in the neck region of the gland. Combining previous reports and the present electron microscopical observations, HIK 1083-positive cells in the adult rat fundic gland are mucous neck cells. The interaction between antibody HIK 1083 and GSA-II lectin was investigated. GSA-II prevented the subsequent binding of HIK 1083, while HIK 1083 did not prevent GSA-II binding to mucous neck cells. Our results suggested that α-GlcNAc residues exist in rat fundic gland from day 19.5 of gestation and continue to exist till adult. Cells expressing α-GlcNAc residues appeared as typical mucous neck cells from postnatal four weeks.
__label__0, The inorganic component of bone and related hard tissues is generally described as sheets of uniform needle- and plate-like crystals. However, cryofixation has become the method of choice for ultrastructural studies of bone mineral when ladder-like arrangements of filaments contained within deformable microspheres about 1 µm in diameter are apparently the prime structural feature and are consistent with the optical image. The same methodology has now been applied to mature human dentine in caries-free juvenile and adult teeth. These were fixed, sliced, stained for mineral and examined optically or were snap frozen, fragmented under liquid nitrogen, freeze-substituted with methanol or acetone and embedded without thawing in Lowicryl K4M for electron microscopy. Others were processed by traditional transmission electron microscopy methods. To obtain maximum resolution, the electron micrographs were photographically printed as negatives and image-enhanced by digitisation using a Polaroid Sprint Scan 45 and laser printer. In both optical and cryopreparations of juvenile and adult dentine, mineral microspheres up to 1 µm in diameter, were present in the dentinal tubules and peritubular dentine. Within these objects, the mineral was primarily in the form of sinuous electron dense filaments, 5 nm thick, which had a characteristic periodicity. In these preparations needle-like and plate-like structures were rare. In contrast, after traditional transmission electron microscopy preparation although similar filamentous structures remained, the mineral more generally had the familiar form of needles measuring approximately 50 nm in the long axis. The cryopreserved calcified filaments were apparently particularly densely distributed in the intertubular dentine where their parallel ladder-like arrays often formed highly orientated struts and stays. It was concluded that early dentine mineral has the form of filamentous microspheres and as in bone (and other calcifying tissues and cells) has no specific association with collagen. It was also concluded that these structures compact and deform with maturity into a sub-structural framework which may relate to powerful biomechanical forces transmitted through the tissue. Needle- or plate-like mineral is probably rare in vivo in dentine, only becoming commonplace after extensive chemical processing.
__label__0, Successful selection of interspecific hybrid progenies with superior ability to regenerate shoots from apical meristems was performed in sunflower which now allows for the development of lines for improved biotechnological applications. Early generations of interspecific hybrids originating from crosses between the two H. annuus CMS lines ‘HA89’ and ‘Baso’, and 9 wild species were screened for their ability to regenerate in vitro. Evaluation of 36 progenies allowed to identify seven progenies from crosses involving H. mollis, H. giganteus, H. strumosus, and H. decapetalus which showed a significantly higher regeneration potential than the commercial hybrid ‘Albena’ regarding the number of shoots per explant. Among these progenies, 47.2 to 62.4% of explants produced shoots with an average of 2.3 to 3.5 shoots per cultured explant. Regeneration in vitro was significantly determined by the genotype. More than half of the investigated interspecific hybrids performed better than the inbred ‘HA89’ demonstrating that the high regeneration potential available in the wild species can be efficiently transferred to cultivated sunflower. The seven progenies with high regeneration potential in vitro were characterised by agronomic performance in the field. Two of the interspecific hybrids derived from H. strumosus and H. decapetalus not only showed a superior regeneration potential but also proved to be competitive to commercial hybrids with regard to important agronomic traits, e.g. fat content and TGW.
__label__0, Different cytogenetic techniques were used to analyse the chromosomes of Prochilodus lineatus with the main objective of comparing the base composition of A- and B-chromosomes. The results of digestion of chromosomes with 10 different restriction endonucleases (REs), silver staining, CMA3 staining and C-banding indicated the existence of different classes of highly repetitive DNA in the A-set and also suggested the existence of compositional differences between the chromatin of A- and B-chromosomes. The 5-BrdU incorporation technique showed a late replicating pattern in all B-chromosomes and in some heterochromatic pericentromeric regions of A-chromosomes. The cleavage with RE BamHI produced a band pattern in all chromosomes of P. lineatus which permitted the tentative pairing of homologues in the karyotype of this species. We concluded that the combined use of the above techniques can contribute to the correct identification of chromosomes and the karyotypic analysis in fishes. On the basis of the results, some aspects of chromosome structure and the origin of the B-chromosomes in P. lineatus are discussed.
__label__0, The alterations in expression of six growth factors known to be regulators of prostatic function have been examined in the ventral lobe of prostates from young adult (14 week) and ageing (1.5 year) Wistar rats. The selected growth factors were transforming growth factor beta (TGFβ1), insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), insulin-like growth factor II (IGF-II), platelet derived growth factor (PDGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (FGF2) and epidermal growth factor (EGF). The extracellular matrix growth co-factor thrombospondin (TSP) was also examined. Our study demonstrated a 2.9-fold up-regulation of TGFβ1 (p<0.0001), a 2.0-fold increase in FGF2 (p<0.0002), an 8.3-fold increase in IGF-II (p<0.0007) and a 5.4-fold increase in EGF (p<0.0001) in ageing compared to adult prostate tissue. Conversely, we observed a 2.7-fold down-regulation of IGF-I (p<0.0005), a 1.7-fold decrease in PDGF (p<0.0097) and a 5.8-fold decrease in TSP (p<0.0079) in ageing rat prostate tissue. The observed alterations in growth factor expression in this study may be the result or cause of, an imbalance in the proliferative–apoptotic balance during ageing. This imbalance may explain the increase in epithelial proliferation that is characteristic of the normal ageing prostate. As in other systems it seems likely that these factors work synergistically rather than in isolation.
__label__0, We consider robustness for estimation of parametric inhomogeneous Poisson point processes. We propose an influence functional to measure the effect of contamination on estimates. We also propose an M-estimator as an alternative to maximum likelihood estimator, show its consistency and asymptotic normality.
__label__0, Since their discovery in family Bovidae (bovids), Bov-B LINEs, believed to be order-specific SINEs, have been found in all ruminants and recently also in Viperidae snakes. The distribution and the evolutionary relationships of Bov-B LINEs provide an indication of their origin and evolutionary dynamics in different species. The evolutionary origin of Bov-B LINE elements has been shown unequivocally to be in Squamata (squamates). The horizontal transfer of Bov-B LINE elements in vertebrates has been confirmed by their discontinuous phylogenetic distribution in Squamata (Serpentes and two lizard infra-orders) as well as in Ruminantia, by the high level of nucleotide identity, and by their phylogenetic relationships. The direction of horizontal transfer from Squamata to the ancestor of Ruminantia is evident from the genetic distances and discontinuous phylogenetic distribution of Bov-B LINE elements. The ancestral snake lineage (Boidae) has been recognized as a possible donor of Bov-B LINE elements to Ruminantia. The timing of horizontal transfer has been estimated from the distribution of Bov-B LINE elements in Ruminantia and the fossil data of Ruminantia to be 40–50mya. The phylogenetic relationships of Bov-B LINE elements from the various Squamata species agrees with that of the species phylogeny, suggesting that Bov-B LINE elements have been stably maintained by vertical transmission since the origin of Squamata in the Mesozoic era.
__label__0, The notion of creativity has its natural home in the fine arts, where the artist literally creates something that can be perceived by the senses. The products of mathematical activity are clearly not of this kind, yet some distinguished mathematicians have claimed that mathematics offers considerable scope for creativity. The title of the book under review, and some claims to be found in it, suggest that creativity can indeed be associated with mathematics, and that young children may experience it in the classroom. We suggest that the word ‘creative’ is being used in rather different senses in these different contexts, yet the meanings associated with the arts, say, are in danger of being applied to mathematical situations for rhetorical purposes.
__label__0, A fragment of chromosome 1DL of breadwheat (Triticum aestivum L.) with the locus Glu-D1 encoding high molecular weight glutenin subunits 5+10 was translocated in hexaploid triticale (× Triticosecale Wittmack) to chromosome 1RL of rye (Secale cereale L.) where it replaced a corresponding fragment containing locus Sec-3 encoding rye secalins. The translocated chromosome 1R was transferred to diploid rye through backcrosses. During the transfer, at least two crossover events must have taken place that reduced the lengths of the 1DL inserts to about 5–8% of 1RL. These short inserts were selected on the basis of normal male transmission from heterozygotes and by low pairing with chromosome 1D in the F1 hybrids with wheat, and tested by the in situ hybridization with total genomic DNA. While the wheat introgression in rye did not affect plant morphology or fertility, preliminary observations of the first population of homozygotes suggested that grain yield was lower, probably as a result of about 15% reduction of the 1000 kernel weight. The presence of a single wheat glutenin locus was insufficient to create rye with wheat-like breadmaking properties. However, relative to controls, the SDS-sedimentation value increased by about 75% and loaf volume was greater in test bakes using the procedure adapted for wheat-rye blends. Loaf volume for bread baked using the procedure for rye flour was not affected. Ryes with various glutenin subunits could be used in wheat-rye blends.
__label__0, The problem of raising literacy levels in developing countries is particularly challenging when pupils have their schooling in a non-native language. One promising strategy which has been tried and evaluated in the schools of several developing countries is the Book Flood approach. This article summarises the findings of Book Flood studies in Niue, Fiji, Singapore, Sri Lanka, South Africa, Solomon Islands, and several other countries.The evidence is now strong that it is possible to double the rate of reading acquisition of Third World primary school pupils with a "Book Flood" of about 100 high-interest books, per class, and short teacher training sessions. The benefits for reading skill and enthusiasm are consistent across diverse cultures, mother tongues and age levels, and they appear to generate corresponding improvements in children's writing, listening comprehension, and related language skills. Such skills are typically found to develop very slowly under traditional textbook styles of teaching.The problems of cost per school and cultural suitability of imported books are addressed. Several countries have adopted Book Flood programmes on a national scale, and others are currently planning to do so.
__label__0, This paper presents the story of a mathematics teacher's transformation that resulted from her engagement in collaborative action research. The collaborative research, conducted by a university mathematics educator and an eighth-grade mathematics teacher (Marylin), centered on investigating the outcomes of implementing a ‘Hands-On Equations’ approach to teaching algebra. This algebraic study, which is briefly reported herein, serves as a vehicle for examining the questions, reflections, and changes brought forth by Marylin throughout the collaborative process. Thus, the project of investigating the teaching and learning of algebra can be viewed as the ‘sub-study’ within the broader study of the effects of collaborative action research on the mathematics teacher involved in the investigation. Within this paper, issues related to the broader study of collaborative action research in the mathematics classroom, that are connected to Marylin's transformation, are discussed. These issues include the characterization of and goals for collaborative action research as well as the challenges for collaborative action research in mathematics classrooms.
__label__0, The effect of HCl on the conversion of mercury vapor in the electron-beam treatment of power-plant flue gases for removing nitrogen and sulfur oxides was investigated. A kinetic scheme for the process consists of the liquid-phase oxidation of Hg by O3molecules and OH radicals followed by the adsorption of liquid-phase oxidation products on soot particles, which are removed from the gas flow using filters. It was found that almost complete removal of mercury vapor is attained at typical radiation doses and process temperatures at soot concentrations higher than 100 μg/m3(STP). At a soot concentration lower than 100 μg/m3(STP) and an HCl concentration higher than 50 mg/m3(STP) in the gas phase, biologically active HgCl2is formed in considerable amounts.
__label__0, Let X 1,...,X  n  be independent observations on a random variable X. This paper considers a class of omnibus procedures for testing the hypothesis that the unknown distribution of X belongs to the family of Cauchy laws. The test statistics are weighted integrals of the squared modulus of the difference between the empirical characteristic function of the suitably standardized data and the characteristic function of the standard Cauchy distribution. A large-scale simulation study shows that the new tests compare favorably with the classical goodness-of-fit tests for the Cauchy distribution, based on the empirical distribution function. For small sample sizes and short-tailed alternatives, the uniformly most powerful invariant test of Cauchy versus normal beats all other tests under discussion.
__label__0, In this paper, starting from a pure group-theoretic point of view, we develop an approach to describing particles with different spins in the framework of a theory of scalar fields on the Poincaré group. Such fields can be considered as generating functions for conventional spin-tensor fields. The case of two, three, and four dimensions are elaborated in detail. Discrete transformations C, P, T are defined for the scalar fields as automorphisms of the Poincaré group. We classify the scalar functions, and obtain relativistic wave equations for particles with definite spin and mass. There exist two different types of scalar functions (which describe the same mass and spin), one related to a finite-dimensional nonunitary representation and the other to an infinite-dimensional unitary representation of the Lorentz subgroup. This allows us to derive both usual finite-component wave equations for spin-tensor fields and positive-energy, infinite-component wave equations.
__label__0, The effect of dc discharge treatment on polypropylene films—both commercial and stabilizer- and plasticizer-free as prepared under laboratory conditions (with the rac-Et(Ind)2ZrCl2–methylaluminoxane catalytic system)—was studied. The discharge treatment was shown to hydrophilize the polypropylene surface in both cases. Negative charged states were detected on the modified surface and their relation to the polypropylene hydrophilization was established. By the thermostimulated relaxation and depolarization techniques, it was shown that the observed charges are induced by injection of plasma electrons into the polymer. It was found that severe changes took place throughout the bulk of the polypropylene film synthesized over the metallocene catalyst, as indicated by enhancement of its crystallinity and a change in the molecular mass distribution.
__label__0, Pulse plating of cobalt–iron–copper (CoFeCu) alloys was studied. A simple theoretical model with an analytical solution developed for binary alloys is applied to predict the copper content of the pulse plated ternary alloys. Studied compositions are in the range of Co90-x Fe10Cu x  with x varying between 5 to 20 wt%. These compositions are of interest as soft magnetic materials with high saturation magnetization. The deposits were produced from a boric acid and sodium acetate electrolyte with low concentrations of copper and iron. All experiments were carried out under well-controlled mass transport conditions and current distribution using a recessed rotating cylinder electrode (rRCE) or an inverted rotating disc electrode (IrRDE). With the latter design alloys can be plated on flat substrates with or without application of a magnetic field to induce uniaxial magnetic anisotropy. Results show that by changing pulse parameters one can increase and decrease in opposite ways the copper and the iron content in the deposits. To test the influence of pulse parameters on the coercive field strength, a microstructure dependent property, theoretical predictions were used to produce films of identical composition with different pulse parameters. Within the range of pulse parameters studied the coercive field strength of this alloy does not vary. Transmission electron microscopy confirms that the deposits have the same nano-size grain structure.
__label__0, An unsteady-state one-dimensional mathematical model is used to perform a theoretical analysis of the process of thermal decomposition of methane under conditions of filtering through a heated porous medium formed by granules of commercial-grade carbon. A scheme of the process kinetics is developed. The effect of the basic characteristics of commercial-grade carbon and of the operating conditions on the efficiency of the process is treated. Laboratory experiments are performed in support of the commercial-scale technology of production of granular pyrocarbon. A comparison of the calculation results with experimental data demonstrates their good agreement.
__label__0, The results of an experimental investigation of the effect of particles on decaying grid-generated turbulence in a downward vertical turbulent gas-particle flow are presented. The dispersed particles were glass spheres with a mean size of 700 μm. Titanium dioxide particles with a mean size of 2 μm were used as the particle-markers modeling the carrier-medium flow. The turbulence was generated by grids with square cells of two sizes (4.8 and 10 mm) and an impenetrability parameter equal to 0.49 at a mean flow velocity equal to 9.5 m/s. The grid Reynolds numbers were 3000 and 6300. The damping of turbulence by the particles, manifested in an increase in the turbulence decay rate (viscous dissipation) and a decrease in the turbulence energy in the power-consuming spectral band, was detected.
__label__0, This article describes, through several case studies, the use of an integrative therapeutic approach with women who achieved pregnancy after long periods of infertility. Our therapeutic approach includes both verbal and no verbal interventions (relaxation, holding, etc.,) which draws upon the therapist's maternal skills. Our approach includes a focus on both the transference and the real relation with the therapist. The therapist needs to help the patient work though the extensive range of feelings toward the fetus (anger, fear, ambivalence, etc.) that the patient developed while struggling to become pregnant.
__label__0, A scientific concept of solid-phase physicomechanical activation of cellulose with a direct solvent of the donor type, N-methylmorpholine N-oxide (MMO), the basis of new solid-phase MMO processing of wood cellulose into the new cotton-like fibre Orcel®, was elaborated. The high degree of crystallinity and orientation ensure the high physicomechanical properties of Orcel fibre.
__label__0, Means were sought to enhance the heat resistance of a strain of Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar phaseoli that died rapidly in soil at 43°C. Bacteria were more resistant to high temperatures in soil than broth or phosphate buffer. Starving the cells in phosphate buffer enhanced their heat resistance. Heat-resistant variants were obtained that grew at 45°C. Resistance of the parent culture to inactivation at 43°C was enhanced by immobilizing the cells in Ca alginate, amending the soil with clay or immobilization of the cells in clays. The bacteria survived better at 40°C in soil receiving montmorillonite-immobilized cells than in montmorillonite-amended soil. These results suggest that the tolerance of rhizobia to high temperatures in soils may be enhanced.
__label__0, The longterm effect of acid irrigation and liming (dolomitic limestone) on the mineral element content of roots of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.) was investigated in an 80-year-old Norway spruce stand in South Germany (Bavaria). Soil cores of four soil depths (humic layer, 0–10, 10–20 and 20–30 cm) were taken over 2 years (August 1991 and August 1992) from six plots with different treatments (control, normal irrigation, acid irrigation solely or in combination with liming) and living short roots selected and analysed for calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), manganese (Mn) and aluminium (Al).On the acid irrigated plot, the Ca and Mg contents of roots were decreased in 1991, but by 1992, 2 years after the irrigation had been terminated, no difference could be found. The Al content of the roots was not increased by acid irrigation but rose with increasing soil depth, regardless of treatment. Liming increased root contents of Ca and Mg and reduced contents of Mn and Al. This effect was especially distinct in the humic layer and decreased with increasing soil depth. Even though the molar Ca/Al-ratio in the roots in the mineral soil was generally low (0.09–0.52), no evidence of Al toxicity could be found. The formation of Al complexes is discussed as a reason for this behaviour.
__label__0, Positive responses to B application, which provide clear evidence of B deficiency, have been reported in over 80 countries and on 132 crops over the last 60 years. It is estimated that about 15 million ha are annually treated with B. In a few regions in the world, B deficient soils exist over a wide area, as for example in eastern and southern China. Elsewhere B deficiency is restricted to particular soil types and crops. Acrisols and Podzols and to a much lesser extent Andosols, Luvisols and Ferralsols, appear to be the soil groups most likely to produce B deficient crops. Soil parent material and texture are considered to be the major soil factors associated with the occurrence of B deficiency. For many crops it is the B requirement for successful fertilisation that is of critical importance; even crops with a small B requirement, such as the cereals, can suffer impaired seed set due to B shortage at a critical time. Climate, particularly high light intensity and low temperature are factors that need to be considered in relation to the occurrence of B deficiency. Boron deficiency can be readily prevented and corrected by both soil and foliar applications. Most reliance is placed on refined sodium borates, but crushed ores are used both in the manufacture of boronated fertilisers and on their own. Depending on the ore, its particle size and method of application, B supply may be extended by using an ore which dissolves slowly.
__label__0, The main goal of this work is to prove the equivalence of various formulations existing in the current literature which give the governing equations of small displacements superimposed over initial static deformations of thin cylindrical shells. It is shown that the main difference comes from the definition of incremental stress resultants and the dependence of elastic coefficients on initial deformation. When the functional dependence of elastic coefficients on initial deformation is taken into consideration, it is shown that all the derivations are equivalent to each other.
__label__0, The aboveground biomass built up annually by Allium ursinum (L.) contains similar amounts of nutrients as the foliage of mature Fagus sylvatica (L.) stands. The decomposition of the A. ursinum stand in early summer provides N rich forage for grazing mesofauna, especially favouring collembolans and accelerating mineralization of soil organic matter. Short term decreases of soil pH had no negative effect on populations of collembolans. Synergistic effects from soil fauna and microbes may accelerate nitrogen release from decomposing leaf litter. A positive feed back may have emerged. High animal abundance and diverse mesofauna populations are capable of high rates of litter fragmentation. Consequently, favourable conditions for microorganisms are created and allow high rates of mineralization and release of nutrients. Our data show that substantial amounts of nitrogen are lost from the system. Undisturbed forest ecosystems are considered to recycle mineralized nitrogen efficiently though. But temporal uncoupling of the N cycle due to microbial activity and delayed or decreased N uptake of higher plants can cause enhanced leaching even from undisturbed systems. The tendency to loose nutrients is apparent from high nitrate concentrations in the soil solution throughout the year. When nutrient losses from A. ursinum subsystems are considered, lateral nutrient imports from adjacent parts of the ecosystem have to be taken into account. If lateral import does not counterbalance losses, maintenance of the soil nutrient status must occur by weathering or a decline is to be expected.
__label__0, The organic matter contents of thirty-six soils were measured annually for twenty years in a pot experiment. The soils originated mainly from arable land and varied in initial organic matter content, texture and pH. The soils were stored at an average air temperature of around 13 °C and every year each soil was mixed thoroughly. Throughout the experiment, soil moisture was kept between 50-70% of its water holding capacity. No organic matter was added during the experiment, so that gross soil organic matter decomposition could be assessed. Relative decomposition rates of soil organic matter decreased as time proceeded. Despite the wide range of soils studied, it was found that during the initial decades, the pattern of soil organic matter degradation was strongly correlated with the organic matter content of the soils at the start of the experiment. This means that during this period the time course of the organic matter content of the soils in our experiment can be estimated from the initial soil organic matter content alone.
__label__0, The short-term effects of a simulated cattle dung pat on N2 fixation and total uptake of N in a perennial ryegrass/white clover mixture was studied in a container experiment using sheep faeces mixed with water to a DM content of 13%. We used a new 15N cross-labelling technique to determine the influence of dung-pat N on N2 fixation in a grass/clover mixture and the uptake of dung N in grass and clover. The proportion of N in clover derived from N2 fixation (%Ndfa) varied between 88–99% during the 16 weeks following application of the dung. There was no effect of dung on the %Ndfa in clover grown in mixture, whereas the %Ndfa in clover grown in pure stand decreased (nominal 2–3%) after dung application. Dung did not influence the amount of N2 fixed, and the uptake of dung N in grass and clover proceeded at an almost constant rate. After 16 weeks, 10% of the applied dung N was taken up by grass and clover, 57% had been incorporated in the soil by faunal activity and 27% remained in residual dung on the soil surface. The dung N unaccounted for (7%) was probably lost by ammonia volatilisation and denitrification. The uptake of dung N in grass/clover mixtures in the field was similarly followed by using simulated 15N-labelled dung pats. The total dry matter production and N yields increased in the 0–30 cm distance from the edge of the dung patch, but the proportion of clover decreased. Thirteen months after application of the dung 4% of the applied dung N was recovered in the harvested herbage, 78% was recovered from the soil and the residual dung, and 18% was not accounted for. It is concluded that N2 fixation in the dung patch border area in grass/clover mixtures is not influenced directly by the release of N from dung pats in the short term. However the amount of N2 fixed may be reduced, if the growth of clover is reduced in the patch border area.
__label__0, To increase our insight into the above- and belowground N flows in grass and grass-clover swards relations between crop and soil parameters were studied in a cutting trial with perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne) monocultures and ryegrass–white clover (Trifolium repens) mixtures. The effects of clover cultivar on herbage yield, the amount of clover-derived nitrogen, apparent N transfer to companion grass, dynamics of N and organic matter in the soil were estimated.The grass monocultures had very low DM yields (<2.1 t ha-1) and a low N concentration in the harvested herbage. During 1992–1995 the annual herbage DM yield in the mixtures ranged from 7.0 to 14.3 t ha-1, the white clover DM yield from 2.4 to 11.2 t ha-1 and the mean annual clover content in the herbage DM harvested from 34 to 78%. Mixtures with the large-leaved clover cv. Alice yielded significantly more herbage and clover DM and had a higher clover content than mixtures with small/medium-leaved cvs. Gwenda and Retor. Grass cultivar did not consistently affect yield, botanical composition or soil characteristics.The apparent N2 fixation was very high, ranging from 150 to 545 kg N ha-1 in the different mixtures. For each tonne of clover DM in the harvested herbage 49 to 63 kg N was harvested, while the apparent N transfer from clover to grass varied between 55 and 113 kg N ha-1 year-1.The net N mineralization rate was lower under monocultures than under mixtures. The C mineralization and the amounts of C and N in active soil organic matter fractions were similar for monocultures and mixtures, but the C:N ratio of the active soil organic matter fractions were higher under grass than under mixtures. This explains the lower N mineralization under grass.
__label__0, In this paper I examine Quine's indispensability argument, with particular emphasis on what is meant by 'indispensable'. I show that confirmation theory plays a crucial role in answering this question and that once indispensability is understood in this light, Quine's argument is seen to be a serious stumbling block for any scientific realist wishing to maintain an anti-realist position with regard to mathematical entities.
__label__0, Fitting a double negative exponential function to N mineralization data can be used to characterize two organic nitrogen pools; an ‘easily’ decomposable (Ndpm) and a ‘resistant’ one (Nrpm). The relevance of those two calculated N mineralization pools was investigated by adding ‘easily’ decomposable organic material to soils. Soil amended with crop residues of sugar-beet or bean was mixed with an equal amount of coarse sand, incubated at 35 °C and leached at specific time-intervals. Upon leaching, NH4 + and NO3 - were measured in the extracts. A double negative exponential function was fitted to the data and two organic N pools were defined. Fitting a double negative exponential function to N mineralization data to characterize an active and resistant organic N pool was sometimes impossible; the N mineralization data did not always resemble a negative exponential function. Additionally, the size of the two pools calculated were not constant with time and were often meaningless; the Nrpm pool was greater than the soil organic N content, the size of the Nrpm pool was smaller than the Ndpm pool or one of the N pools was negative. Relevant values for both Nrpm and Ndpm which were consistent with incubation time were only obtained when excessive amounts of organic material, normally not dealt with in the field, were applied.
__label__0, A thermal postbuckling analysis is presented for a simply supported, moderately thick rectangular plate subjected to uniform or nonuniform tent-like temperature loading and resting on a softening nonlinear elastic foundation. The initial geometrical imperfection of the plate is taken into account. The formulations are based on the Reissner-Mindlin plate theory considering the first-order shear-deformation effect, and including plate-foundation interaction and thermal effects. The analysis uses a deflection-type perturbation technique to determine the thermal buckling loads and postbuckling equilibrium paths. Numerical examples are presented that relate to the performances of perfect and imperfect, moderately thick plates resting on softening nonlinear elastic foundations. The effects played by foundation stiffness, transverse shear deformation, plate aspect ratio, thermal load ratio and initial geometrical imperfections are studied. Typical results are presented in dimensionless graphical form and exhibit interesting imperfection sensitivity.
__label__0, Selection and breeding of crops for aluminium (Al) tolerance is a useful approach to increase production on acid soils. This requires a rapid and reliable system to discriminate between Al-tolerant and Al-sensitive genotypes. A hydroponic system was developed to screen for Al tolerance in barley (t Hordeum vulgare L.) to overcome several problems encountered in previous screening methods. Four levels of Al (5, 10, 20, and 40 μt M) in 1 mt M CaCl2 solution at pH 4.5 were used to rank lines for Al-tolerance. Each line was cultured in a different compartment to eliminate chemical and pH interactions among lines. To avoid changes in Al tolerance due to other factors such as the calcium (Ca) concentration of the solution, Al-tolerant (Atlas 66) and Al-sensitive (Scout 66) cultivars of wheat (t Triticum aestivum L.) were used as reference cultivars. Five ranks of Al tolerance from highly tolerant to highly sensitive were established by comparison with each reference. Eriochrome cyanine R staining was used for the rapid evaluation of Al tolerance. This screening system allowed classification of about 50 barley lines into five different Al tolerance groups within one week. Using this system, screening of ca. 600 barley lines from various regions of the world was conducted. Most lines were sensitive to Al, but ninety lines showed intermediate Al-tolerance. Thirty nine lines were highly sensitive to Al in solution.
__label__0, Effects of Mg deficiency and variations of the NO3 -/NH4 +-ratio on chlorophyll, mineral nutrient concentrations and the binding forms of Mg and Ca were investigated in current-year, one- and two-year-old needles of clonal Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Six-year-old spruce plants were grown for one year in sand culture with circulating nutrient solutions containing sufficient (0.2 mt M) or limiting (0.04 mt M) concentrations of Mg. The NO3 -/NH4 +-ratio in the nutrient solutions administered to the experimental trees was adjusted to 0.76 in the Mg-sufficient treatment and to 1.86, 0.76 and 0.035 in Mg-limited treatments. Mg and chlorophyll concentrations, were strongly influenced by the applied nitrogen source in current-year needles and - to a less extent - also in one-year-old needles. NH4 +-dominated nutrition resulted in decreased height growth and significantly lower Mg and chloropyhll concentrations in current-year and one-year-old needles compared to NO3 --dominated nutrition. Decreases in total Mg were linearly correlated to reductions of water-soluble Mg and water-unsoluble Mg not bound to chlorophyll. Mg bound to chlorophyll, however, was only reduced, when total Mg decreased below a physiological threshold value of 2% of the total nitrogen concentration in the respective needles. Total Ca concentrations in the needles, which were reduced by Mg deficiency especially when nutrition was NH4 +-dominated, were strongly correlated to the portion of Ca bound to oxalate. The amount of water-soluble Ca and pectate-bound Ca remained nearly constant, independent from changes of total Ca concentrations. Negative effects of increasing NH4 + supply on concentrations of Mg and other cations in the needles can be attributed to an inhibition of cation uptake induced by ion antagonism and/or reduced root growth.
__label__0, Nitrate reductase activities (NRA) and nitrate concentration per unit biomass in Picea abies (L.) Karst. roots from four different soil horizons and in leaves and roots of the frequent field-layer species Oxalis acetosella L. were measured on six different irrigation and liming treatments within the Höglwald project, S-Bavaria, Germany. Liming increased and acid irrigation reduced soil nitrate availability when compared to control plots. Nitrate assimilation capacities of the respective plant compartments per unit of soil volume or ground area were calculated from the NRA per unit of biomass and from the biomass distribution on the various treatments.Mean NRA per unit of biomass in Picea abies roots ranged between 0.23 and 0.09 μmol NO -2  g-1 d.w. h-1 without significant effects of soil horizon or treatment. Limed and non-limed treatments showed for Picea different root distributions within the soil profile, but root biomass per unit of ground area (295 to 220 g d.w. m-2) was not affected by the various treatments. Thus, nitrate assimilation capacity of Picea roots per unit of ground area ranged between 19.5 and 11.4 μmol NO -2  m-2 h-1 without major treatment effects.In laminae of Oxalis acetosella mean NRA per unit of biomass ranged between 2.91 and 0.27 μmol NO -2  g-1 d.w. h-1 and, in contrast to Picea abies, treatment effects were found with NRA on limed plots increased and on acid irrigated plots reduced when compared to control plots. Mean leaf biomass of Oxalis per unit of ground area ranged between 9.57 and 0.66 g d.w. m-2 and responded in a similar manner to the various treatments. Thus, for the Oxalis leaf NRA per unit of ground area (27.85 to 0.18 μmol NO2 m-2 h-1) a cumulative response to the variations in nitrate availability was found.The different responses of Picea abies and Oxalis acetosella to changes in soil nitrate availability are discussed with respect to their suitability to prevent soil nitrate leaching.
__label__0, Root morphology is both genetically programmed and environmentally determined. We have begun an analysis into the components of root development by: (a) constructing a range of transgenic clover plants to assess some of the genetic programs involved as both roots and nodules are initiated and develop. These transgenic plants report on auxin activity, flavonoid synthesis and chitinase expression and suggest a role for flavonoids as regulators of auxin levels; and (b) determining in cereals the effect of both added auxin and specific microorganisms on the initiation and development of modified root outgrowths and lateral roots. Appropriate combinations of auxin, the nitrogen fixing Acetobacter diazotrophicus, and rice variety did give rise to some plants which grew slowly for over 12 months in a nitrogen-free medium.
__label__0, Measurements of intracellular, cytosolic Al are plagued with technical difficulties. An accurate quantification of Al uptake into the cytosol relies on the effectiveness of the methods that desorb Al bound to the cell wall. However, published desorption methods are not completely effective in removing cell wall Al. Using giant algal cells of Chara corallina, where a physical separation of the cell wall and the cytosol can be achieved surgically, it was shown that up to 99.99% of the total cellular Al accumulates in the cell wall. Even when 95% of total Al present in intact cells was desorbed, still over 20 times more Al was left in the cell wall than in the cytosol. Therefore, without physical separation of the cell wall and the cytosol, minute amounts of cytosolic Al need to be measured in the considerably larger background of the cell wall Al. Consequently, up to several orders of magnitude lower uptake rates of Al were measured across the plasma membrane of intact Chara cells in comparison to currently available values on higher plant cells (Triticum aestivum, t Glycine max, Phaseolus vulgaris), where at least some of the cell wall Al was attributed to the intracellular, cytosolic Al. Uptake of Al across the plasma membrane of Chara cells occurs without a delay at a very low rate that is directly proportional to Al concentration in the uptake medium. Moreover, residual Al left in the cell wall after desorption can be taken up into the cytosol of Chara cells during subsequent growth in the artificial pond water. For measuring Al uptake into roots of higher plants, the Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry is the best available technique because it appears to overestimate the cytosolic Al to the lower extent than any other currently used analytical method for determination of Al.
__label__0, We investigated early root development of Pinus sylvestris seedlings in relation to bulk density and natural particle layering in an ectorganic soil layer from a bracken (Pteridium aquilinum) stand. Responses in root development to two levels of bulk density (0.07 and 0.15 g/cm3) in mixed bracken substrate were compared with effects in peat of similar bulk densities, and in sand of three different bulk densities (0.37, 0.52, and 0.67 g/cm3). The effect on root growth of the natural horizontal layering of the organic particles was examined by comparing intact with mixed ectorganic bracken soil profiles of similar bulk densities (resp. 0.09 and 0.07 g/cm3).Root length growth was significantly reduced in the organic and sandy substrates of high bulk density. Root diameter was not affected by bulk density in the organic substrate, but increased with higher bulk density in sand. Preservation of horizontal layering in the intact ectorganic profile significantly reduced root length compared with mixed substrate of similar bulk density.Roots growing in high bulk density, and intact, organic substrate showed increased twisting, which resulted in a smaller depth reached by the root relative to total root length produced. In sand, root twisting did not change with increased bulk density. It is suggested that roots growing through organic substrate follow a path of least resistance. This implies that organic particle size and orientation are more important in determining root development than bulk density.This study points out that the natural layering of organic particles presents another constraint on the establishment of plant species in sites with a well-developed ectorganic soil layer. Disturbance of this layer may therefore enhance establishment of seedlings by reducing the mechanical resistance of the ectorganic soil profile to developing seedling roots.
__label__0, This article demonstrates how Karl May systematically applies several stylistic devices to represent the diverse linguistic environment of America in his western novel, Der Schatz im Silbersee. This system, it is argued, supports, though not always consistently, May's agenda of promoting good characters over bad, making the text more authentic, and helping German readers identify with the characters.
__label__0, In 1991, soil samples were taken from the long-term (40 years old) field trial at Ultuna in order to investigate soil P status and the distribution of its various forms. Among the treatments investigated, two were inorganic PK additions only – one to continuous fallow (PK-fallow) and the other to cropped fields (PK). There were also treatments amended with PK in combination with applications of straw, green manure composed of grass (GM), farmyard manure (FYM) or sewage sludge (SS). A total of 720, 720, 883, 1154, 1941 and 6617 kg P h-1 had been supplied in the PK-fallow, PK, Straw, GM, FYM and SS treatments, respectively up to 1991. The soil P distribution was determined by step-wise fractionation using anion exchange resin (resin-P), sodium bicarbonate (bicarb-P), sodium hydroxide (hyd-P), and HCl (HCl-P). Finally, the soil was digested to obtain residual P (resid-P). The amendments resulted in a significant (p=0.05) enrichment of total P in soils relative to the initial value. A breakdown of the bicarb-P and hyd-P into inorganic P (Pi) and organic P (Po) was manifested as considerable transformations within these P compartments compared with the initial values. Thus, total Pi (Σresin-P, bicarb-Pi, hyd-Pi, HC1-P, resid-P)/total Po (Σbicarb-Po, hyd-Po) ratios markedly decreased in all treatments relative to control. The two P compartments were significantly and negatively (p =0.05) correlated. On average, the total Po increase was about 380 mg kg-1 (range 270–715). The results suggested that an equilibrium between Pi immobilization and Po mineralization was difficult to attain under any of the experimental management regimes used, which exclude inorganic N application. The balance sheet calculations revealed P deficits ranging from about 10 to 60 kg ha-1, indicating that some P had migrated to the subsoil.
__label__0, The contribution of nitrogen fixation by sugarcane plants grown in the fields at various sites in Brazil, at a few sites in the Philippines and in Miyako Island (Japan) was examined using the difference in natural 15N abundance (δ15N) in the leaves of sugarcane compared to those of neighbouring plants. The sugarcane plants from Três Poutas of Minas Gerais State, Cerquilho, Novo Horizonte, Igarapava, Itápolis, Assis of São Paulo State in Brazil showed lower δ15N values than the neighbouring plants with an average contribution of N2 fixation to total plant N of 30% (ranging from zero to 72%). The sugarcane from Gerona in the Philippines and from three sites in Miyako Island indicated significant contribution of N2 fixation. In other sites examined in Brazil and in the Philippines, the contribution of N2 fixation was not clear.
__label__0, Nitrogen fixation in soybean (Glycine max [L.] Merr.) is more sensitive to water deficits than many physiological processes and may therefore limit yield under nonirrigated conditions. Tolerance of nitrogen fixation to water deficits has been observed in the cultivar Jackson, however, the physiological basis for this is unclear. It was hypothesized that genotypes that could continue biomass production on limited soil water would prolong nitrogen fixation by continued photosynthate allocation to nodules. An initial greenhouse experiment compared biomass and N accumulation in six genotypes over an 8 d water deficit. Low stress intensity minimized genotypic expression of water-deficit tolerance; nevertheless, Jackson was clearly one of the most tolerant genotypes. In a second experiment, Jackson was compared to SCE82-303 at more severe stress levels. Biomass and N accumulation continued during water deficits for Jackson but ceased in SCE82-303. Individual nodule mass tended to increase during water deficits in Jackson and tended to decrease in SCE82-303, indicating greater allocation of photosynthate to Jackson's nodules in response to water deficits. Biomass accumulation of Jackson was contrasted with the USDA plant introduction (PI) 416937, which also has demonstrated tolerance to water deficits. For water-deficit treatments, total biomass accumulation was negligible for PI416937, but biomass accumulation continued at approximately 64% of the control treatment for Jackson. Transpirational losses for Jackson and PI416937 were approximately the same for the water-deficit treatment, indicating that Jackson had higher water use efficiency (WUE). Isotopic discrimination of 13C relative to12 C also indicated that Jackson had superior WUE during water deficits. Carbon-14 allocation in Jackson was compared to KS4895, a cultivar that was identified as sensitive to water deficits in an initial experiment. The comparison of water-deficit treatments of Jackson with KS4895 indicated that Jackson exported significantly greater amounts of14 C from labeled leaves and allocated approximately four times greater amounts of 14C per g of nodule. Results indicated that Jackson's sustained biomass production during water deficits resulted in the continued allocation of photosynthate to nodules and prolonged nitrogenase activity.
__label__0, Chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.) is extensively grown in areas where soils are deficient in zinc (Zn). To determine the response of chickpea to Zn nutrition and to diagnose Zn status in plant tissue, two glasshouse experiments were conducted using Zn-deficient siliceous sandy soil. In Experiment 1, two genotypes of desi chickpea (Dooen and Tyson) were grown at five Zn levels (0, 0.04, 0.2, 1.0 and 5.0 mg kg-1 of soil). After 4 weeks, no difference in growth and no visible symptoms of Zn deficiency were detected. After 6–8 weeks of growth, chlorosis of younger leaves and stipules occured in the Zn0 treatment, with shoot dry weight being only 24% of that recorded at the highest Zn level. Root growth increased from 0.52 g/plant when no Zn was applied to 1.04 g/plant in the treatment with 0.2 mg Zn kg-1 of soil; no response to further increase of Zn fertilization occurred. Zinc concentration in the whole shoot increased significantly with increased in Zn application. The critical Zn concentration in the shoot tissue, associated with 90% of maximum growth, was 20 mg kg-1 for both genotypes at flowering stage.In the second experiment, two genotypes of desi chickpea (Tyson and T-1587) were grown at three Zn levels (0, 0.5 and 2.5 mg kg-1 of soil) under two moisture regimes (field capacity 12% w/w, and water stress 4% w/w). Shoot growth was influenced by both Zn supply and water stress. The effect of water stress was severe in the 0.5 and 2.5 mg Zn treatments where shoot dry matter was reduced 52 and 46%, respectively. T-1587 was less sensitive to Zn deficiency and produced higher shoot dry weight than Tyson in the Zn0 treatment. Zinc concentration in shoots increased from 5 mg kg-1 when no Zn was applied to 40 mg kg-1 at the highest Zn level. The critical Zn concentration in shoots was 21 mg kg-1.The results of the two experiments showed that the critical concentration for Zn did not differ amongst the three cultivars used and was not affected by soil moisture. Similar studies should be undertaken with a wider number of genotypes to discover if a critical concentration of 20–21 mg kg-1 in the shoot can be used to diagose the Zn status of chickpea genotypes.
__label__0, Various theoretical and experimental studies have been carried out to examine the generation of waves ahead of a translating body. Not all issues pertaining to this wave-motion problem are, however, fully resolved. In particular, mechanisms pertaining to generation of white-water instability and inception of vortices in the bow region are not fully understood. In this paper, the two-dimensional, unsteady, nonlinear, viscous-flow problem associated with a translating surface-piercing body is solved by means of finite-difference algorithm based on boundary-fitted coordinates. Effects of surface tension and surfactants are examined. Results of this work resolve certain classic issues pertaining to bow flows. A continuous generation of short and steepening bow waves is observed at low (draft) Froude number, a nonlinear phenomenon uncovered recently in the case of inviscid fluid also. This indicates that, steady-state nonlinear bow-flow solution may not exist, even at low speed. It is postulated that these short bow waves are responsible for the white-water instability commonly observed ahead of a full-scale ship. The amplitudes of these short bow waves are suppressed by surface tension, which is, possibly, the reason why white-water instability is not distinctly observed in laboratory-scale experiments. The presence of surfactants on the free surface is found to intensify the generation of free-surface vorticity, thus resulting in the formation of bow vortices. The accumulation of surface-active contaminants at the bow is hence responsible for the generation of bow vortices observed in laboratory experiments at low Froude number. At high Froude number, an impulsive starting motion of the body results in the generation of a jet-like splash at the bow and a gentle start an overturning bow wave, as previously observed in the case of inviscid bow flow.
__label__0, This paper develops a semantical model – theoretic account of (logical) content complementing the syntactically specified account of content developed in “A New Theory of Content I”, JPL 23: 596–620, 1994. Proofs of Completeness are given for both propositional and quantificational languages (without identity). Means for handling a quantificational language with identity are also explored. Finally, this new notion of content is compared, in respect of both logical properties and philosophical applications, to alternative partitions of the standard consequence class relation proposed by Stelzner, Schurz and Wiengartner.
__label__0, The objective of this study was to estimate whether elevated atmospheric [CO2] alters plant N availability in a native high-elevation grassland in the Swiss Alps using two integrative, relatively non-disruptive methods. Estimates based on seasonal net plant N uptake, and those based on the amounts of NH +4 -N plus NO −3 -N captured by ion exchange resin (IER) bags, did not differ in plots treated with ambient (355 μL L−1) and elevated (680 μL L−1) [CO2] in either the second (1993) or third (1994) growing season under treatment with elevated [CO2]. The results of this study suggest that the effects of rising atmospheric [CO2] on plant N availability may be negligible in this grassland. The results also contrast the relatively large effects of elevated atmospheric [CO2] (increases and decreases) reported for highly disturbed artificial systems.
__label__0, Previous critical analyses of the Frame Story of The 1001 Nights, the story of Shahrazad and King Shahriyar, have overlooked the importance of the slave's role in the narrative of betrayal and revenge. This article makes use of Hegel's master/slave dialectic, in particular as that dialectic is reflected in the work of Jacques Lacan, to understand the critical role played by the slave in the story. It shows that the roles of master and slave are not fixed with any characters, but rather are occupied successively by different characters. Shahriyar's crisis is seen as an imaginary deadlock in Lacanian terms. Shahrazad, who refuses the role of the slave, breaks the deadlock and introduces him into the symbolic order. Her means of doing this, her method of narration, may be compared to Freud's Fort/Da game.
__label__0, An experimental programme is presented for the effect of moisture on the toughness, mode-I and mode-II of aluminium tri-hydrate and polyethylene filled and unfilled quasi-isotropic glass–fibre reinforced epoxy–vinylester resin (GFRP) composites. Specimens were exposed in water at room temperature (20°C) for a period of 8 months and the effect of moisture content on toughness, GIc and GIIc values were obtained at an interval of every 2 months. Some samples were exposed in hot water at 40°C temperature to accelerate the uptake of moisture and produce saturated composites. The results indicate that equilibrium moisture content and diffusion coefficients increase with increase of weight of filler content in GFRP composites which is linked to an increase in microscopic cracking. Also mode-I, toughness of all composites increased with an increase in moisture uptake, mode-II toughness was relatively unaffected. Aluminium-tri-hydrate filled GFRP composites showed a higher moisture uptake, which resulted in higher values of both mode-I and mode-II, toughness than the polyethylene filled and unfilled GFRP composites. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, A method is described that allows the simulation of the flow of an incompressible fluid through complex-shaped two-dimensional domains which move in any prescribed time-varying way. The incompressible Navier-Stokes equations in arbitrary Lagrangian–Eulerian form are discretized on a triangular grid by means of a finite-volume method. Fully implicit time integration makes the method stable for any time step. Central differencing is used for the diffusive fluxes. Upwind differencing based on flux-difference splitting is used for the convective fluxes. A detailed description is provided for the discretization in two dimensions, with a collocated arrangement of pressure and velocity components as dependent variables. A description of the grid-generation process is given. Results are shown for the flow in a rotating-lobe pump.
__label__0, Ceramics of Sr0.6Ba0.4Nb2O6 (SBN40) were prepared by the conventional mixed oxide route. Sintering at temperatures ≥ 1260 °C led to rapid, non-uniform grain growth and a duplex microstructure. Presintering at 1250 °C followed by higher temperature sintering (1350–1450 °C) controlled grain growth. Rapid cooling from 1450 °C froze-in second phases at grain boundaries. Scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy showed that the resulting grain-boundary phases were Nb2O5-rich and BaO-deficient, having low liquid-formation temperatures. In contrast, SBN40 ceramics prepared with excess BaO and a deficiency of Nb2O5 showed no enhancement of grain growth at the highest temperature. Sintering behaviour and microstructural development provide evidence for the existence of a liquid phase which assists abnormal grain growth. The effect of presintering in controlling grain growth is discussed, and a mechanism for abnormal grain growth in Sr0.6Ba0.4Nb2O6 (SBN40) ceramics is proposed. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Results of a 40 year-long investigation of room-temperature formation of compounds in 144 thin-film couples obtained by combining 23 metals (Ag, Al, Au, Bi, Cd, Co, Cr, Cu, Ga, Ge, In, Mg, Mn, Ni, Pb, Pd, Pt, Sb, Sm, Sn, Te, Ti, Zn) are presented. The data from published papers of the present and other authors have been complemented by unpublished data of the present authors. The systematized results and their analysis point to the following. In 39 couples, a total of 65 compounds are formed. The reactions of compound formation last from ∼1 min to ∼10 y, depending on the specimen type and procedure of film deposition. In the bulk–film specimens, the number of compounds formed is smaller and the reaction is slower than in the film–film specimens prepared by thermal evaporation. In the specimens with the sputtered top layer, a greater number of compounds is formed and the compound formation reaction proceeds more rapidly than in the couples prepared by thermal evaporation of both metals. The compounds formed can be transformed into others containing higher percentage of one of the constituents, until the specimen contains an excess of that constituent, provided that such compounds exist in the respective phase diagram. At the beginning of the reaction, compounds are formed in a broad concentration range, while at the reaction end the range is narrowed down, becoming close to that in the corresponding phase diagram. The optimum conditions for compound formation exist in the couples consisting of a high-melting metal and a low-melting one, provided that the potential compound is not high-melting. If the potential compound is high-melting, or if both metals in the couple have melting points in the same temperature range, no compound formation takes place at room temperature. In the couples consisting of a given high-melting metal and one of the low-melting metals, a linear relationship exists between the interdiffusion coefficient and the melting point of the low-melting metal. If, for a couple consisting of a high-melting metal and a low-melting one, there is a solid solubility range of the low-melting metal, during the course of long ageing, the compound formed is decomposed and the low-melting metal is amorphized. During the long ageing, the ambient atmosphere acts on the metal films (alone or in a couple) leading to formation of oxides, hydroxides or carbonates. The results obtained complement the low-temperature range results in the respective phase diagrams.
__label__0, TiN paths have been created on the surface of the titanium alloy OT4-1 by the use of a laser beam. The results of investigations of structure, phase composition, microhardness and surface roughness of the created TiN paths are given in the paper. The paths created in the work are inhomogenous two-phase mixtures of TiN and α-Ti, in which the TiN phase with strong (2 0 0) texture is predominant over the other phase and presents a dendritic structure. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The solid-state reaction kinetics of a sequential reaction system were analysed theoretically and experimentally. For the reactions occurring in series, A+R→B and B+Q→C, a multiple core–shell diffusion-controlled model has been proposed. The relations between the consumption fractions of A and B and the reaction time under isothermal conditions have been quantitatively deduced. The sequential reactions of PbWO4+PbO→Pb2WO5 and Pb2WO5+MgO→Pb(Mg1/2W1/2)O3 in the formation processes of Pb(Mg1/2W1/2)O3 were utilized as the model reactions. The unidirectional diffusion of PbO into PbWO4 to form Pb2WO5 and that of MgO into Pb2WO5 to generate Pb(Mg1/2W1/2)O3 were verified by EDS. The derived equations were confirmed to elucidate accurately the kinetics of the serial reactions in the Pb(Mg1/2W1/2)O3 system. Based on the reaction model, the activation energy for the diffusion of MgO into Pb(Mg1/2W1/2)O3 was estimated to be 161.7 kJ mol-1. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The problem of three-dimensional potential flow past a thin rigid screen is reduced to a hypersingular boundary integral equation. This equation is then projected onto a flat reference screen, which is taken to be a circular disc. Solutions are obtained for screens that are axisymmetric perturbations from the disc, so that the screen is rippled concentrically. The added mass is calculated for axisymmetric flow past such screens, correct to second order.
__label__0, The labile pool of cadmium in sludge-treated soils was determined by application of isotopic dilution principle under laboratory and green house conditions using moong (Phaseolus aureus L.) as test crop. The laboratory indices like isotopic distribution coefficient (Kd) of 115Cd in 0.1 M CaCl2, labile pool (LP) of Cd in DTPA–CaCl2–Na acetate (adjusted to pH 5.0, 6.0 and 7.0) and supply parameter (SP) using Kd as intensity and LP as capacity factor of Cd in soils, were computed to compare these values with actual uptake of Cd by the crop to test them as indices of Cd availability. The path-ways of transfer of soil Cd from the discrete chemical pools to plants were also computed. The LP (pH 7.0) and the SP were significantly correlated with the concentration of Cd in plants and its uptake by the crop. They are, therefore, good indices of Cd availability in sludge treated vertisol soils and can be used as reference indices for standarization of chemical extractants. The water soluble + exchangeable Cd and the 0.05 M EDTA extractable Cd were observed to be the two major chemical pools of Cd in soils responsible for supply of this element to plants. As substantial part of 0.1 M Na4P2O7 extractable Cd applied to the soils remains in same form, they are not transfered into the food chain. The amounts of soil Cd extracted by DTPA–CaCl2–TEA (pH 7.3), EDTA–NH4OAC (pH 7.3) and Mg(NO3)2 (pH 6.0) were significantly correlated with concentration of Cd in plants and with uptake of Cd by moong crop.
__label__0, A simple experimental method for determining the steady-state shear viscosity of thermoplastic composite melts has been used. Using this method, we have determined the steady-state shear viscosity of an automotive thermoplastic composite system, namely, wollastonite-filled poly(ethylene terephthalate) (WFPET), at various temperatures and shear rates. All the viscosity properties investigated can be successfully described and predicted by a thermodynamically based rheological equation of state. The effects of composition and mixing conditions on the steady-state shear viscosity of all the WFPET investigated were also determined using this rheological equation of state.
__label__0, Amorphization behaviour of NixTa100−x alloy powders synthesized by mechanical alloying mixtures of pure crystalline Ni and Ta powders with a Spex high energy ball mill was studied. The mechanically alloyed powders were amorphous for the composition range between Ni10Ta90 and Ni80Ta20. This range is larger than amorphous alloys prepared by the rapid-quenching process or by electron-gun deposition technique. A supersaturated nickel solid solution formed for Ni-rich composition. The thermal stability has been investigated by differential thermal analysis. The crystallization temperature of amorphous Ni—Ta powders was proportional to the Ta content, and the activation energy of amorphous Ni—Ta powders exhibited a maximum near the eutectic composition. It is found that the amorphization rate at the early stage of the mechanical alloying process was faster in the intermediate compositions than those at both Ni- and Ta-rich compositions.
__label__0, Nb2O5 coatings prepared by the sol–gel route using the dip coating technique with sols prepared from alkoxide or chloroalkoxide (two different methods: sonocatalytic and conventional) precursors are a promising alternative for WO3 electrochromic coatings. The crystalline films (TT phase) sintered at 560 and 600°C are transparent and present a deep blue colour under Li+ ion insertion. Electrochemical stability is excellent as these systems are fully reversible and stable and no change in colour, amount of charge exchanged and corrosion effect could be observed after 2000 voltammetry cycles between 2 and −1.8 V versus Ag. The electrochemical and optical properties of these coatings have been determined as a function of sintering temperature. The superficial structure was visualized by atomic force microscopy (AFM) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and the Li+ diffusion coefficient was determined for both kinds of coatings. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The etching of an axisymmetric cavity under the influence of an artificial acceleration field generated inside a centrifuge is considered. It is shown that the etching process is governed by a thin convective-diffusive boundary layer along the curved cavity wall. To describe this boundary layer, local coordinates are introduced near the wall, with arc length s being one of these. It is shown that the resulting boundary-layer model can be solved explicitly, whence an exact representation of mass transport from the wall follows. The solution is then substituted in the moving-boundary condition. This results in a highly nonlinear hyperbolic differential equation for the wall position as a function of s and time t. It is further shown that this equation admits a family of similarity solutions in terms of the variable η = st −4/5. The position variables are now functions of η only and a highly nonlinear system of ordinary differential equations results. This system is subjected to a series of transformations, until a system suitable for numerical integration is obtained and a family of similarity curves, i.e. cavity shapes, can be generated. It is remarkable that the integration stops at a finite value of η beyond which, apparently, the similarity concept is no longer tenable.
__label__0, The Wife of Bath's celebrated defence against charges of adultery, namely that her 'sex' is like a lantern whose light may be shared by many without depriving the owner, has been traditionally regarded (on the authority of B. J. Whiting) as a proverbial phrase borrowed by Chaucer from La Vieille in the Roman de la Rose. In fact, Whiting is inexact about the proverbial use of the phrase, and in the Roman it is used by Friend. A more exact parallel to the Wife's situation is to be found in the Decameron, the Sixth Day, Seventh story, where Madonna Filippa defends herself in court against charges of adultery by 'proving' that her husband is not deprived of sex by her sharing of her favours. The Wife's defence is probably a combination of the simile in the Roman and the pro-feminist situation in the Decameron.
__label__0, The influence of nutrient solution pH on the emission of N2O and N2 was investigated during cultivation of cucumbers in a closed-loop rockwool system. Between pH 4 and 7 these gaseous nitrogen losses increased from 1.6 to 21.1% of the N fertilizer input. This was equivalent to average flux rates of 0.06 and 0.85 kg nitrogen per hectare greenhouse area and day, respectively. The N2O/N2 ratio was inversely related to the total gaseous nitrogen losses. At neutral pH dinitrogen was the main emission product, whereas more acidic conditions favoured the emission of nitrous oxide. The pH effects were probably not indirectly affected by root respiration or exudation as much as by a direct inhibition of the activity of denitrifying microorganisms due to high H+ concentrations since similar results were obtained in unplanted nutrient solution systems with the addition of glucose as carbon source. Despite the low microbial denitrification activity under acidic conditions, nitrogen balance deficits of up to one-fifth of the N input still occurred. It is suggested these losses were predominantly caused by chemodenitrification.
__label__0, Bi-2 2 2 3 superconductors with silver additions are synthesized by sol–gel process. The effect of silver on the formation of Bi-2 2 2 3 phase is studied. The addition of silver brings down the reaction temperature as well as annealing time for the formation of Bi-2 2 2 3 phase. The presence of silver affects the Tc of the Bi-2 2 1 2 phase. The heat treatment of silver added Bi-2 2 2 3 samples above 1113 K show poor superconducting properties due to partial melting of Bi-2 2 2 3 phase. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Third harmonic loads on a vertical cylinder in irregular or regular longcrested waves in deep water are analyzed. Characteristic wave lengths are large relative to the cross-dimensions of the cylinder. Characteristic wave amplitudes are of the same order as the cylinder cross-dimensions. The method is a generalization of the FNV method (Faltinsen, Newman and Vinje [1]) for a circular cross- section. Integral theorems and auxiliary potentials are used to simplify the force expressions. Details are shown for Lewis form sections. Completely analytical expressions are derived for elliptical cross-sections. It is demonstrated that the third harmonic loads are sensitive to the cross-sectional form.
__label__0, Abstract. Wind forces on structures that can be considered stiff are usually calculated by using the so-called gust factor G that magnifies the effects of the statical part of the wind speed U. In the expression of G a peak factor g is introduced to account for the maxima of the response dynamical displacement X d(t),which is a zero mean stationary Gaussian process. The peak factor is derived by assuming that the upcrossings of a given level are a Poisson process, which is deemed very conservative by several authors. Thus, other ways for computing g are proposed herein, preserving its classical definition. They are: (1) the use of the envelope of the response process; (2) the solution of the backward Kolmogorov equation; (3) the use of some approximate formulae such as those by Preumont, Lutes et al., and Vanmarcke. The theoretical models are applied to the response of a linear SDOF oscillator for two values of the ratio of critical damping. In the last part of the paper a nonlinear response, that of a Duffing oscillator, is considered and the problem of the peak factor for this nonlinear case is attacked by using the stochastic averaging of energy envelope. The results of the various approaches are compared with those obtained by numerical simulation.Sommario. Le azioni del vento sulle strutture sono ordinariamente calcolate amplificando gli effetti della velocità media, quantità statica, per mezzo del fattore di raffica (o dinamico) G. Nell'espressione di quest'ultimo è presente il fattore di picco g, introdotto allo scopo di tenere in conto i massimi dello spostamento dinamico X d(t), che è un processo gaussiano stazionario a media nulla. Tale fattore di picco è calcolato ipotizzando che gli attraversamenti di un certo livello da parte diX d(t)siano un processo di Poisson, ipotesi ritenuta conservativa da molti autori. Nel presente lavoro si propongono altri modi per calcolare g: (1) mediante l'inviluppo del processoX d(t);(2) risolvendo l'equazione all'indietro di Kolmogorov; (3) mediante l'impiego di formule ap- prossimate (Preumont, Lutes et al., Vanmarcke). I metodi proposti sono applicati al caso di un oscillatore semplice. Successivamente si propone un metodo per determinare il fattore di picco per una risposta non lineare, quella dell'oscillatore di Duffing, pervenendo al risultato cercato mediante la soluzione dell'equazione di Fokker-Planck per la funzione di densità di probabilità dell'energia meccanica dell'oscillatore. I risultati ottenuti sono confrontati con la simulazione numerica.
__label__0, It is known that the glassy grain-boundary phase present in low-purity aluminas has two primary functions during direct microwave bonding. Firstly, it increases the dielectric loss of the host ceramic, allowing heating to occur; secondly, the bonding mechanism itself has been found to be based on viscous flow of the glassy grain-boundary phase. However, some evidence has also been found for the bonding of individual grains where they come into direct contact across the join line. To investigate the role of grain-boundary phases further, the microwave bonding of two different grades of silicon carbide and one grain of zirconia has been studied. A single-mode resonant cavity operating at 2450 MHz was used for both studies. The temperature and axial pressure were varied and the bonding time was kept to a minimum. Analysis of the resultant bonds indicated that both reaction-bonded silicon carbide and partially stabilized zirconia could be successfully joined using microwave energy with bonding times typically 10 min or less. For reaction-bonded silicon carbide ceramics, the silicon grain-boundary phase softened at the bonding temperature, allowing the butting faces to be "glued" together. Unlike the glassy grain-boundary phase for alumina ceramics, the silicon phase did not allow grain motion but always formed a discrete and continuous layer at the interface, even under optimum joining conditions. The work with zirconia confirmed that it is possible to join ceramics without the presence of a substantial grain-boundary phase. The mechanism is thought to be either solid-state diffusion and/or grain-boundary sliding. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Ripples produced on a fluidized seafloor have been observed in the field as well as in the laboratory. Because of their dynamic properties, they are sometimes referred to as transitional or ephemeral ripples, as they have been observed to go through cycles of forming and disappearing on the time scale of an individual wave period. The ripples also appear to go through a complex evolutionary sequence, occasionally leading to the spectacular event of sediment bursting from the seafloor. During bursting, loads of fluidized sediment will be ejected upward into the water column – in the form of intense sand plumes. Reproducing these ripples in the laboratory revealed that these ripples are actually a standing subharmonic internal wave on the water-sediment interface, produced by the water wave propagating above through an instability mechansim. In this paper an inviscid theory for the initial excitation of these dynamic ripples on a fluidized seafloor is presented.
__label__0, Adding nitrogen (N) fertilizers to soil affects not only the concentration in the soil solution of the added ions, but also those of other ions already present in the soil. This secondary effect is caused by ion exchange and electrochemical equilibrium processes. We studied how different N fertilizers affected the chemical composition of the soil solution over time, and how this related to nutrient uptake by wheat. Soil was fertilized either with (NH4)2SO4 or Ca(NO3)2, or no N was added. Each of these N treatments was either planted or not with spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). Soil solutions were collected repeatedly with looped hollow fiber samplers from the root zone in situ, six times during a 50-day pot experiment. Plants were harvested five times, and their nutrient contents determined. In the soil solution, NO3- was significantly less concentrated if (NH4)2SO4, rather than Ca(NO3)2 was applied, until after net nitrification had ended on day 20. In contrast, Ca2+, Mg2+ and K+ were significantly more concentrated in the former treatment. This was probably caused by the greater concentration of anions that resulted from nitrification. P was always very dilute and unaffected by the form of N fertilizer. The form of N fertilizer had no significant effect on plant growth and nutrient uptake. The likely contribution of mass flow of the soil solution in supplying Ca, Mg and N to the plants was greatest when (NH4)2SO4 was supplied. The supply of K and P was unaffected by N fertilizer. The potential for N leaching loss was lower with (NH4)2SO4 than with Ca(NO3)2, especially up to day 20. However, the potential for cations leaching loss was greater in the (NH4)2SO4 treatment. This suggests that there is only a limited advantage in fertilizing with (NH4)2SO4 to reduce the total loss of nutrients from soil.
__label__0, Montane temperate forests of the Cordillera de Piuchué Ecosystem Study, Isla Chiloé, Chile, are unaffected by air pollution, timber exploitation and agricultural clearing, and the current floristic assemblage has been relatively stable for the past 7500 years. The apparent absence of major perturbation at this location makes it an appropriate baseline site for ecosystem analysis. We measured soil bulk density, pH, soil organic C (SOC), total N, and NH4Cl–exchangeable cations (Ca+2, Mg+2, K+, Na+, Al+3) in 0–10 and 10–40 cm depth samples from 72 soil profiles representing three vegetation zones: Fitzroya cupressoides Forest, Pilgerodendron uvifera–Tepualia stipularis Forest, and Magellanic Moorland. Fitzroya and Pilgerodendron–Tepualia Forests were indistinguishable for all measured soil characteristics (P > 0.05, Dunn's multiple comparison test on ranked data); these included very high median SOC concentrations (0–10 cm = 49.6%) and correspondingly low bulk density values (0–10 cm = 0.07). Moorland soil median values (0-10 cm) were significantly higher for bulk density (0.12) and lower for SOC (28.5%), but not for total N (Forests = 0.99%, Moorland = 0.95%), resulting in lower median C:N ratios for the moorland (Forests = 44.7; Moorland = 30.3). Across both depths and all three vegetation zones regression analysis indicated that SOC was an excellent predictor (R2; = 0.93, P < 0.001) of Σ (exchangeable Ca+2 + Mg+2 + K+ + Na+). Comparison with other old growth montane environments indicates that the Fitzroya and Pilgerodendron–Tepualia soil profiles are characterized by C:N ratios typical of other relatively unpolluted conifer forest soils (33.0–49.3). Soil profiles of representative polluted montane conifer forests have lower C:N ratios (16.2–23.5). Organic horizons from representative polluted montane conifer forests also retain fewer exchangeable base cations per unit SOC than are retained by organic horizons from the Cordillera de Piuchué forests.
__label__0, The internal friction of aluminium foams with various porosities was measured in the range of acoustic frequencies over a wide strain-amplitude range by the bending-vibration method. The measured internal friction shows that aluminium foams have a damping capacity which is enhanced in comparison with bulk aluminium, increases with increasing porosity, decreases with increasing frequency and increases with increasing strain amplitude. In order to explain the behaviour of the internal friction, a mechanism of internal dissipation energy was presented, and an approximate expression for internal friction is derived which is based on the equations of plane waves in elastic material with voids. This expression can account for the dependence of the internal friction on porosity, pore size and frequency. To gain further insight into the dependence of the internal friction on amplitude, the non-linear characteristics of oscillations were observed, and it was found that the resonance curves are asymmetric and the resonant frequencies are proportional to the square of amplitude with a negative slope. On the basis of the equations of the motion and the experimental results, the non-linearity of oscillations was ascribed to a non-linear damping term and an approximate expression for the damping coefficient with respect to amplitude was obtained. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Scoundrel or honesty incarnate? The problematic representation of César Birotteau has, for some time, been a center of debate for Balzac scholars. This essay examines the subversion of the textual logic in the novel due to a tension created by oppositional readings where authorial and narrative intention directly contradict narrative practice. Where critical attention has thus far centered primarily on Birotteau, my focus on the hair-oil aims to show how Balzac establishes conflicting fictions; around the hair-oil and its true value, the financial speculation, and the presentation and production of the novel itself – all of which share the goal of the acquisition of wealth. Just as the consumer is attracted by the claims of the hair-oil, and Birotteau is lured into the world of financial speculation, so the reader is lured into the novel. It is significant that Balzac chooses the world of cosmetics as the background to his novel, a world where the goal would be to distort the reality of things as they are by covering over or masking the truth.
__label__0, Fe–23 Cr–5Al stainless steel was functionalized by a conversion treatment in order to allow alumina electrodeposition with strong interfacial bonding. The very porous conversion coating prepared in acid solution had excellent adhesion and was conductive enough to permit cathodic reactions inducing local pH conditions favourable for the precipitation of alumina oxyhydroxide during electrolysis of aluminium salt solutions. The coating presented chemical composition gradients suitable for strong adhesion. The improvement of the thermal oxidation behaviour was studied at 1000°C
__label__0, Nitrate losses in drainflow were measured over five years on eight hydrologically isolated field plots, pairs of which had the following cropping regimes: (a) a 3-yr unfertilised, ungrazed grass ley followed by winter and spring cereals, (b) mixed cropping including winter cover crops, spring cereals, winter cereals, winter fallow and spring beans, (c) a similar sequence to (b) but with a winter fallow replacing the cover crop in the first year and a winter cover crop replacing the fallow in the third year, and (d) continuous winter cereals (control plots). Less nitrate was lost in winter drainflow from winter cover crops than from the winter fallows, but over all five years less nitrate was leached from the continuous cereal plots than from those with mixed cropping. Most of the extra nitrate lost from the mixed cropping regimes probably resulted from mineralisation of the cover crop residues, which occurred at times when subsequent crops could not take advantage of the mineral nitrogen released. Crops grown after the grass ley and cover crops did not benefit from their residues, in terms of either grain yield or of total nitrogen uptake. We conclude that on heavy clay soils in UK a cropping regime of continuous winter cereals offers the best compromise between profitable crop production and minimised nitrate loss to surface waters.
__label__0, Periodic waves on the interface between a lower layer of heavy fluid and an upper light fluid extending to infinity are considered both exactly and in a shallow-layer approximation. The latter leads to a composite long-wave equation combining Korteweg–de Vries and Benjamin–Ono characteristics, which is consistent in order when the density of the upper fluid is much less than that of the shallow lower layer. Comparison is made between numerical results from the exact and approximate theories, and with the analytic results of the separate Korteweg–de Vries and Benjamin–Ono equations which are special cases.
__label__0, The applicability of the electric modulus formalism is investigated on a Debye-type relaxation process, the interfacial polarization or Maxwell–Wagner–Sillars effect. Electric modulus, which has been proposed for the description of systems with ionic conductivity and related relaxation processes, presents advantages in comparison to the classical approach of the real and imaginary part of dielectric permittivity. In composite polymeric materials, relaxation phenomena in the low-frequency region are attributed to the heterogeneity of the systems. For the investigation of these processes through electric modulus formalism, hybrid composite systems consisting of epoxy resin–metal powder–aramid fibres were prepared with various filler contents and their dielectric spectra were recorded in the frequency range 10 Hz–10 MHz in the temperature interval 30–150°C. The Debye, Cole–Cole, Davidson–Cole and Havriliak–Negami equations of dielectric relaxation are expressed in the electric modulus form. Correlation between experimental data and the various expressions produced, shows that interfacial polarization in the systems examined is, mostly, better described by the Davidson–Cole approach and only in the system with the higher heterogeneity must the Havriliak–Negami approach be used. © 1998 Chapman and Hall
__label__0, A thorough analysis is given of a process which is of great importance for the formation of many present day glass ceramic materials: sinter-crystallization. In the first part of the paper the problems determining surface induced nucleation of glasses are analyzed, emphasis being given to the influence of elastic strains and surface contamination by active substrates. The second stage of the analysis is centred on the dependence of crystal growth and overall crystallization kinetics on the mean size of an ensemble of sintering glass grains. Here a formalism is derived, connecting overall crystallization with the mean size of the crystallizing system of glass particles. In the third part the interdependence sintering – crystallization is investigated. Several cases of this interrelation are analyzed in details for different mechanisms of growth of nuclei, athermally formed on the grain surface.
__label__0, Hot-melt polyphenylethersulfone (PES) adhesive was used to link ethylene-propylenediene terpolymer (EPDM) elastomer, which can protect geothermal drill pipes, to a stainless steel (SS) substrate.These joints then were exposed for up to 70 days in steam at 200 °C to evaluate the durability of the bond. Although the preparation and modification of EPDM and SS surfaces played an important role in ensuring a strong bond in the EPDM-to-SS adhesive joint system, the susceptibility of the PES adhesive to hydrothermal oxidation led to conformational transformation of its sulfone group into a fragmental sulfonic acid derivative during the exposure.Moreover, a prolonged exposure time caused the decomposition of polyphenylethersulfonic acid derivative, forming two additional derivatives, aryl radical and H2SO4. Hot H2SO4 favorably reacted with Fe in the SS to yield a water-soluble Fe2(SO4)3 reaction product. This reaction product generated at the interfaces between PES and SS caused a decrease in peel strength. In fact, the loss of adhesion occurred in the SS adjacent to the PES.
__label__0, In an effort to investigate the effect of the crystalline morphology of a poly(butylene terephthalate) (PBT) phase on the toughening of PBT/epoxy blends, the blends, having different degrees of perfectness of the PBT crystalline phase, were prepared by blending PBT and epoxy at various temperatures ranging from 200 to 240 °C. As the blending temperature decreases, the degree of perfectness of the PBT crystalline phase increases as a result of the increase of crystal growth rate. For PBT/epoxy blends, the change in crystalline morphology induced by processing may be the most important cause for the dependency of the fracture energy on blending temperatures. It has been found that PBT phases with a well-developed Maltese cross are most effective for epoxy toughening. This dependency reveals the occurrence of a phase transformation toughening mechanism. Also, the higher relative enhancement of fracture energy of a higher molecular weight epoxy system is further indirect evidence for a phase transformation toughening mechanism. Some other toughening mechanisms observed from the fracture surfaces, such as crack bifurcation, crack bridging, and ductile fracture of PBT phases, have been found to also be affected by the blending temperatures.
__label__0, The formation of porous anodic films on FVS0812 aluminium alloy has been examined by transmission electron microscopy in order to elucidate the processes of film growth. A complex morphology of film material is revealed containing relatively tortuous, branched and terminated porosity and relatively large cavities. The morphology is associated with the differing anodic oxidation behaviour of the aluminium matrix and silicide dispersion regions of the alloy and the differing chemical stabilities of the resultant film regions. The anodic oxidation of the silicide proceeds more slowly than that of the aluminium matrix, with the production of film material of much finer morphology. The reduced rate of oxidation of the silicide is attributed to the effects of alloying element species in the anodic film material and pore solution. The rate of oxidation of the silicide is sufficient for most of the particles to be oxidized completely during anodizing. However, the resultant film material subsequently dissolves in the pore solution leaving relatively large cavities in the film. The differing oxidation rates of the alloy components, coupled with locally differing film properties, leads to a relatively rough alloy/film interface.© 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Barbara McClintock won the Nobel Prize in 1983 for her discovery of mobile genetic elements. Her Nobel work began in 1944, and by 1950 McClintock began presenting her work on “controlling elements.” McClintock performed her studies through the use of controlled breeding experiments with known mutant stocks, and read the action of controlling elements (transposons) in visible patterns of pigment and starch distribution. She taught close colleagues to “read” the patterns in her maize kernels, “seeing” pigment and starch genes turning on and off. McClintock illustrated her talks and papers on controlling elements or transposons with photographs of the spotted and streaked maize kernels which were both her evidence and the key to her explanations. Transposon action could be read in the patterns by the initiated, but those without step by step instruction by McClintock or experience in maize often found her presentations confusing. The photographs she displayed became both McClintock's means of communication, and a barrier to successful presentation of her results. The photographs also had a second and more subtle effect. As images of patterns arrived at through growth and development of the kernel, they highlight what McClintock believed to be the developmental consequences of transposition, which in McClintock's view was her central contribution, over the mechanism of transposition, for which she was eventually recognized by others. Scientific activities are extremely visual, both at the sites of investigation and in communication through drawings, photographs, and movies. Those visual messages deserve greater scrutiny by historians of science.
__label__0, The structure of the surface layers and the corrosion resistance of austenitic stainless steels after silicon-ion implantation, were examined. The implanted silicon doses were 1.5×1017, 3×1017 and 4.5×1017 Si+ cm-2. Implantation with all these doses gave an amorphous surface layer. When samples implanted with 1.5×1017 Si+ cm-2 were annealed at temperatures of 300 and 500 °C, their surface structure remained unchanged. After annealing at 650 °C, the amorphous layer vanished. It was determined how, in terms of corrosion resistance, the amount of implanted silicon, subsequent heat treatment and long time exposure, affect highly corrosion-resistant austenitic stainless steel (18/17/8) in comparison to the 316L austenitic stainless steel subjected to the same treatment. Corrosion examinations were carried out in 0.9% NaCl at a temperature of 37 °C. After silicon-ion implantation the corrosion resistance of the 316L steel increased while that of highly resistant (18/17/8) did not. The corrosion resistance of the investigated steels, both implanted and non-implanted, increased with the exposure time of the samples in the test environment. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Investigation of electrical, mechanical and microstructural properties of ZnO–NiO two-phase ceramics with respect to the ageing process of the material were performed. Two constituent phases, ZnOss and NiOss were identified in those ZnO–NiO ceramics which exhibit a positive temperature coefficient of electrical resistivity (PTCR anomaly). The origin of the PTCR anomaly was explained as a consequence of the different linear thermal expansion of the ZnOss and NiOss constituent phases. The ageing observed in the material is exhibited as an increase in resistivity of the samples and a smaller PTCR anomaly after heating the samples up to the temperature of the resistivity maximum, and cooling them again to room temperature. According to this study, the different linear thermal expansion of ZnOss and NiOss could also cause ageing of the material. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Slow strain rate tensile tests were conducted on un-notched PMMA samples in a range of liquid environments in order to assess the effects of diffusion on craze formation. The environments were selected to have a spread of diffusion rates and consisted of water,methanol, propan-2-ol, 355 trimethylhexanol and ethylene glycol.Absorption tests in these environments showed that methanol had the fastest diffusion rate and greatest degree of swelling, followed by water. Ethylene glycol and trimethylhexanol showed no weight gain,and propanol caused a steady dissolution of the PMMA. Tensile tests were conducted after the samples had been pre-immersed in the liquid environments for times ranging from 1 minute to 14 days. These were compared with equivalent tests in air, with the point at which the environment curve departed from the air curve being used to establish where crazing commenced. Tests were also conducted in methanol and ethylene glycol at a range of strain rates. It was found that with methanol and to a lesser degree with water and trimethylhexanol,crazing was delayed in tests with longer pre-immersion. This is due to mechanisms of flaw blunting and/or the introduction of surface compressive stresses. Similar effects were seen with the methanol tests at slower testing rates. It was found that these effects can occur very locally to the sample surface, where no weight gain could be measured and in the very early stages of craze development.
__label__0, Native soil potassium (K) has received increased attention as a K source for plants to reduce fertiliser input. Our objective was to compare the ability of different crops to utilise native K. We also wanted to study the exploitation and transport pattern of soil K influenced by plant uptake. Cotton, maize, soybean, and upland rice were cultivated in rhizoboxes. The system permitted sampling of 1-mm-thin soil layers at increasing distances from the plant roots. Both exchangeable and nonexchangeable K was determined and compared with plant uptake of K. The upland rice was superior in K uptake, and took up some nonexchangeable K. Soybean and cotton grew poorly, and K was accumulated in the root zone due to excess supply by mass flow. The importance of mass flow over diffusion of K was verified by calculations and is contrary to accepted principles of K transport in soil. The reasons were high transpiration and restricted root growth. This indicates that mass flow of K in some situations is more important than generally assumed. Mass flow also caused the accumulation of Ca and Na in the root zone, especially that of rice. Accumulation of K in the root zone of rice did not cause K fixation, possibly due to an unknown K-releasing mechanism of upland rice.
__label__0, From a crystallographic point of view, the transition from the L12 to DO19 phase is an ordered version of the widely investigated fcc to hcp transformation. In the present study, the transformation kinetics of the forward and backward reactions of the L12↔ DO19transitions in Fe3Ge have been studied and it is shown that a large hysteresis exists between the forward and backward reactions. The detailed microstructural changes that accompany the L12 ↔ DO19 transition have been characterized and these explain the observed transformation hysteresis.
__label__0, Thermal properties of chalcogenide AsxS100−x glasses in the glass transition region have been studied by modulated-temperature differential scanning calorimetry (MTDSC). All samples in this work were given the same thermal history by heating to a temperature above the glass transition, equilibrating and then cooling at a rate of 5°C/min to a temperature of 20°C. The reversing and non-reversing heat flows through the glass transformation region during both heating and cooling schedules were measured and the values of the parameters Tg, ΔH, Cp and ΔCp, which characterize the thermal events in the glass transition region, were determined as a function of the glass composition. The structurally determined parameters Tg, ΔH, Cp and ΔCp reveal major extrema when the composition of AsxS100−x glass becomes As40S60, that is the same as the composition of the corresponding stoichiometric compound. In addition, we observe “small thresholds” in these properties at 28.5 at % As (As28.5S71.5) around the same composition as that reported in the As-Se glasses. No such thermal analysis had been done on the AsxS100−x glasses previously. It is shown that AsxS100−x glasses where x < 25 at % As are formed from two glass phases. From MTDSC measurements, it was possible to establish the probable composition of the high temperature glass phase and from Raman spectroscopy it was possible to correlate the MTDSC results with the structure of the As-S glasses.
__label__0, Coleridge has been seen by some not so much as a poet spoiled by philosophy, but as a philosopher who was also a poet. It could be argued that his major endeavor was an attempt to save the life sciences form the mechanistic interpretation which he saw as the outcome of Lockean “mechanico-corpuscularian” philosophy. This contribution describes that endeavour. It shows its connection to the social circumstances of the time. It discussess its relationship to the poetic sensibility of the “Lake poets” and to the German thought which Coleridge absorbed during and after his sojourn in Gottingen in 1798--99. It describes the nature of his “Theory of Life” as seen not only from the posthumous publication itself, but also from the numerous hints and struggles recorded in his voluminous notebooks, letters and lecture notes. It is concluded that, although never adequately assembled, it forms the only serious attempt to construct a profound alternative to the ultimately mechanistic biology of Charles Darwin and the physiologists of the second half of the century. As such it strongly influenced the young Richard Owen and, as is well known, was eventually overwhelmed by the Darwin-Huxley synthesis of the 1860s. Nevertheless, insofar as Coleridge's concept of life ultimately derived from his ambition to find a way of healing the Cartesian divide, we may wonder whether the recent upsurge in consciousness studies may cause us to look again at his panentheistic ideas and, discarding the obsolete and fanciful metaphysics, recast them into a more acceptable form.
__label__0, Based on fractal and pipe model assumptions, a static three-dimensional model of the Gliricidia sepium root system was developed, in order to provide a basis for the prediction of root branching, size and mass in an alley cropping system. The model was built from observations about the topology, branching rules, link length and diameter, and root orientation, provided by in situ and extracted root systems. Evaluation tests were carried out at the plant level and at the field level. These tests principally concerned coefficients α and q –- the proportionality factor α between total cross-sectional area of a root before and after branching, and allocation parameter q that defines the partitioning of biomass between the new links after a branching event –- that could be considered as key variables of this fractal approach. Although independent of root diameter, these coefficients showed a certain variability that may affect the precision of the predictions. When calibrated, however, the model provided suitable predictions of root dry matter, total root length and root diameter at the plant level. At the field level, the simulation of 2D root maps was accurate for root distribution patterns, but the number of simulated root dots was underestimated in the surface layers. Hence recommendations were made to improve the model with regard to α and q. This static approach appeared to be well suited to study the root system of adult trees. Compared with explicit models, the main advantage of the fractal approach is its plasticity and ease of use.
__label__0, Two grass species — Calamagrostis villosa (Chaix) J.F. Gmelin and Deschampsia flexuosa (L.) Trin. — are expanding in mountain Norway spruce (Picea abies L. Karst.) forests of Central Europe damaged by anthropogenic pollution constituted particularly of acid rain. This invasion of grasses may be caused by the higher irradiance reaching the forest floor after the pollution-induced tree defoliation. The relative abundance of the two grass species is changing during the process of forest decline. Our study investigated the effects of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on the growth and coexistence of both species under simulated acid rain (SAR) and two levels of irradiance. Three microcosm experiments were conducted to investigate how both grasses are influenced by the AMF when grown separately or together interacting via extraradical mycelium (ERM). A positive growth response to inoculation with Glomus mosseae BEG 25 was found for both grass species when cultivated separately and the mycorrhizal dependence and the growth benefit for D. flexuosa was greater than for C. villosa. However, when both grass species were grown together in the rhizoboxes with separated root and hyphal compartments, the growth effect of the AMF was the opposite, i.e. C. villosa benefited more. The plants did not benefit from the AMF inoculation under the SAR treatment compared with dH2O treatment. The SAR also negatively influenced root length colonised by AMF, length of the ERM, alkaline phosphatase and NADH diaphorase activities of the ERM. The role of the ERM in transporting phosphorus between these grasses was verified by applying the radioisotope 32P. There was a greater transport of isotopic 32P between inoculated plants C. villosa and D. flexuosa grown in separated root compartments, as compared to non-inoculated plants. The amount of transported 32P was low: a maximum of 3% of applied 32P was detected in the shoots of receiver plants. Mechanical disturbance of the ERM significantly decreased the 32 P transport between plants. The 32P transport between mycorrhizal plants was higher in the D. flexuosa to C. villosa direction than in the opposite one. Neither the SAR nor the low level of irradiance influenced the amount of transported 32P. We discuss the role of ERM links between root systems in the coexistence of both grass species.
__label__0, The efficiency and mechanisms of cadmium sorption on two synthetic calcium hydroxyapatites from aqueous solution were investigated. Both hydroxyapatites remove cadmium from aqueous solutions with an efficiency higher than 99.5% at pH 5–6.The mechanisms of cadmium sorption were studied using batch experiments, X-ray diffraction, scanning electron microscopy and nuclear microprobe. Cadmium is incorporated into the hydroxyapatite structure via diffusion and ion exchange. Once cadmium is sorbed, cadmium-containing hydroxyapatites can be separated from the liquid phase by flocculation. Thus hydroxyapatite can potentially be used for remediating contaminated water and industrial wastes. The fact that cadmium is incorporated into the bulk of the apatite is important in the context of the safe storage of used sorbent material.
__label__0, Favourable specific mechanical properties of polymer matrix composites make them an attractive material for application in many engineering structures for which they offer substantial improvements over metals. The paper deals with fretting behaviour of unidirectional glass epoxy composites/metal contacts. Fretting is a plague for many industries: failures, loss of matter, loss of function can be induced by fretting. It occurs in all quasi-static contacts and appears as a complex wear phenomenon where a lot of parameters have been studied. From the interface tribology concept, the velocity accommodation mechanisms are discussed for different fibre orientations versus the contact surface of the glass fibre reinforced epoxy material. Results were analysed in two steps. From friction logs, Running Conditions Fretting Maps (RCFM) were first plotted in order to give an analysis of contact conditions and determine the associated material responses. The tribological degradations were then analysed. Differences between the different fibre orientations are mainly discussed on the basis of the stiffness of the anisotropic material and the velocity accommodation in the contact.
__label__0, Effects of localized soil drought stress on water relations, root growth, and nutrient uptake were examined in drought tolerant ‘Prairie’ buffalograss [Buchloe dactyloides (Nutt.) Engelm.] and sensitive ‘Meyer’ zoysiagrass (Zoysia japonica Steud.). Grasses were grown in small rhizotrons in a greenhouse and subjected to three soil moisture regimes: (1) watering the entire 80-cm soil profile (well-watered control); (2) drying 0–40 cm soil and watering the lower 40 cm (partially dried); (3) and drying the entire soil profile (fully dried). Drying the 0–40 cm soil for 28 days had no effect on leaf water potential (Ψ leaf ) in Prairie buffalograss compared to the well-watered control but reduced that in Meyer zoysiagrass. Root elongation rate was greater for Prairie buffalograss than Meyer zoysiagrass under well-watered or fully dried conditions. Rooting depth increased with surface soil drying; with Prairie buffalograss having a larger proportion of roots in the lower 40 cm than Meyer zoysiagrass. The higher rates of water uptake in the deeper soil profile in the partially dried compared to the well-watered treatment and by Prairie buffalograss compared to Meyer zoysiagrass could be due to differences in root distribution. Root 15N uptake for Prairie buffalograss was higher in 0–20 cm drying soil in the partially dried treatment than in the fully dried treatment. Diurnal fluctuations in soil water content in the upper 20 cm of soil when the lower 40 cm were well-watered indicated water efflux from the deeper roots to the drying surface soil. This could help sustain root growth, maintain nutrient uptake in the upper drying soil layer, and prolong turfgrass growth under localized drying conditions, especially for the deep-rooted Prairie buffalograss.
__label__0, The resistance to stress-accelerated grain-boundary oxygen embrittlement and notch-bar rupture strength in Fe–Ni–Co–Nb–Ti low-expansion superalloy has been improved significantly by trace yttrium addition. The precipitates in the matrix as well as along the grain boundaries have been studied systematically. The platelet precipitates in the matrix and along the grain boundaries have a hexagonal crystal structure (space group, P6/mmm) with lattice parameters a = 0.498 nm and c = 0.408 nm. The crystallographic orientation relationship between the phase and the matrix is found to be \((\overline 1 {\text{ }}\overline 1 1 )_\gamma //(0 0 0 1)_H ,[\overline 1 1 0]_\gamma //[1 1 \overline 2 0]_H \). The semi-continuous discrete precipitates along the grain boundaries have an orthorhombic crystal structure with lattice parameters a = 0.45 nm, b = 0.80 nm and c = 1.20 nm. High-resolution images show that the interface between the precipitates and the matrix is semicoherent.
__label__0, In relation to the joining of silicon nitride ceramics to metal, the interaction of Si3N4 with Ni–Cr alloy was investigated at temperatures from 1073 to 1573 K under N2 or Ar atmosphere.Reaction rates were determined by thermogravimetry and reaction products were examined by X-ray diffraction. CrN, Ni3Si,Ni5Si2, Ni2Si and (Cr, Si)3Ni2Si were produced under N2 atmosphere. In addition to these products, Ni3Si2,Cr3Si and Cr5Si3 also were produced under Ar atmosphere. The reaction products were considered from the standpoint of thermodynamics. While the incubation period was observed under Ar atmosphere, it was not observed under N2 atmosphere. The initial rates obeyed a linear rate equation. The rates at the later stage of reaction described a parabolic rate equation. The reaction mechanism model was proposed.
__label__0, Fracture behaviour of Gd2 (MoO4)3 single crystal, which is improper ferroelectric–ferroelastic, has been examined by means of point loading. There are three fracture planes in gadolinium molybdat (GMO): ;100} – main cleavage plane, {210} and {110} – secondary cleavage ones. It is shown that cracks have a tendency to transit from secondary planes up to cubic plane and vice versa. This would be considered as the main cause of river pattern appearance on fracture surfaces of samples. Mechanical twinning and crack growth are independent channels for relaxation of elastic energy in GMO, which do not connected between themselves, so excluding of twinning leads to increase of crack length.
__label__0, Thermally stabilised, unpigmented, rigid PVC samples, were exposed to accelerated photoageing at 40°C, 55°C and 70°C. The concentration profiles of photoproducts were determined on microtome slices (∼ 20 μm) parallel to the irradiated surface using IR (carbonyls) and UV (polyenic double bonds) spectrophotometry and by steric exclusion chromatography (Mn and Mw). They indicate that carbonyls and chain scissions predominate only in a thin superficial layer whereas polyconjugated double bonds and crosslinks predominate in a subcutaneous layer (∼300–400 μm). Tensile measurements show that the ultimate elongation decreases after an induction period whose duration is a decreasing function of temperature. The change of mechanical behaviour can be described in terms of a ductile-brittle transition shift mechanism in which crosslinking plays an important role. A tentative explanation of a such crosslinking induced transition is proposed in the discussion.
__label__0, Compressive creep characteristics at 1773, 1873, and 1973 K, oxidation resistance over 1000 h at a temperature of 1973 K in ambient air, and the thermal stability characteristics at 1973 K in ambient air of a unidirectionally solidified Al2O3/YAG eutectic composite were evaluated. At a test temperature of 1873 K and a strain rate of 10−4/s, the compressive creep strength of a eutectic composite manufactured by the unidirectional solidification method is approximately 13 times higher than that of a sintered composite with the same chemical composition. The insite eutectic composite also showed greater thermal stability, with no change in mass after an exposure of 1000 hours at 1973 K in ambient air. The superior high-temperature characteristics are closely related to such factors as (1) the in-situ eutectic composite having a microstructure, in which single crystal Al2O3 and single crystal YAG are three-dimensionally and continuously connected and finely entangled without grain boundaries and (2) no amorphous phase is formed at the interface between the Al2O3 and the YAG phases.
__label__0, This work investigates the formability of a composite made of a pure aluminium matrix reinforced with an Inconel fibre network. Composites were formed into wires by swaging, to a true strain ɛtrue = 2.7. Thermal expansion, Young's modulus and tensile properties of these wires were measured. Young's modulus of the wires is slightly larger than that of the as-cast composites, indicating that no significant porosity is present in the composite after deformation. Tensile strength and ductility are found to decrease with increasing reduction of diameter. Scanning electron microscope (SEM) observations show that fibres align during swaging and that fibre fragmentation occurs beyond a certain strain. Fibre fragments reach a critical aspect ratio of about 7 after a swaging true strain of 1.5. Qualitatively, the evolution of the properties is explained by a combination of fibre fragmentation and fibre alignment effects. Properties of the wires are discussed using the Clyne model and the Nardone and Prewo model (modified shear lag models).
__label__0, The influences of stabilizers on β- and β′′-Al2O3 phase formations in Li2O(MgO)-Na2O-Al2O3 systems were investigated. When stabilized with 4MgCO3ċMg(OH)2ċ5H2O, most of the β′′-Al2O3 phase formed below 1200°C and further β- to β′′-Al2O3 transformation with an increase of temperature was not observed. On the other hand, when stabilized with Li2CO3,β′′-Al2O3 formation occurred by two steps. First, β′′-Al2O3 was partly formed below 1200°C, and, second, noticeable transformation from β-Al2O3 to β′′-Al2O3 occurred at higher temperature ranges. It was shown that transient eutectic liquid in the Li2O-Na2O-Al2O3 system promoted the β- to β′′-Al2O3 transformation at higher temperatures. Uniform distribution of both Mg2+ and Li+ stabilizing ions enhanced β′′-Al2O3 formation at low temperatures. In the Li-stabilized systems, however, homogeneous distribution of Li+ ions hindered both the formation of transient eutectic liquid and the second β- to β′′-Al2O3 phase transformation at high temperatures.
__label__0, Highly oriented pyrolitic graphite was irradiated with 1.8 MeV electrons at 45° and near-grazing (86°) angles of incidence. For doses up to 1016 cm-2 electrons the surface of the samples subjected to 45° incidence, observed by both STM and atomic force microscopy (AFM) remained the same as the original sample showing only the usual periodic atomic corrugation, with an atomic spacing of 0.246 nm. For near-grazing incidence, at a dose of 5×1012 cm-2 electrons, features of nanometre size are observed, some elongated along the direction of the beam incidence. These are attributed to the effects of single electron–carbon interactions in the top surface layers. At a dose of 5×1014 cm-2 electrons (near grazing incidence) both STM and AFM observations show an anomalously large (period 2.5–17 nm) superperiodicity superimposed on the normal 0.246 nm atomic spacing of graphite. This Moiré-like pattern suggests that the corrugations are electronic as well as topographic in origin. We propose that near-grazing incidence electron irradiation causes break-up of the surface layers into fragments, largely retaining six-fold atomic rings, that rotate by a small angle resulting in the observed pattern due to interaction with deeper bulk-structure layers. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, From the basis of a cohesive zone description, the paper formulates a criterion for the nucleation of a crack at the surface of a circular cylindrical cavity in an infinite solid. The criterion is expressed in terms of the internal pressure within the cavity, the stress system in the absence of the cavity, the cavity size and the cohesive-zone material characteristics. With attention being focussed on the situation where the cohesive-zone size at crack nucleation is small compared with the cavity size, the nucleation criterion is expressed in a particularly simple form.
__label__0, This paper describes the results of dry sliding wear tests and wear surface analysis of boron-fibre-reinforced aluminium composites. The wear tests were conducted for normal and parallel orientations, rubbing against a rotating steel disc at different loads at speeds of 0.6 and 1.6 m s−1. In addition, the wear surface analysis of the aluminium-based composites was investigated by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). The metal–matrix composites showed excellent wear resistance compared with the unreinforced matrix. Fibre orientation had a small effect on wear rate: at low speed the normal orientation gave the lowest wear rate, with the performance of the parallel orientation being slightly worse, but this trend reversed at high speed. The XPS analysis revealed that there was no significant variation in the amount of oxide over the surface under the test conditions used. At low speed in the normal orientation boron oxide and iron boride were formed, while at high speed the proportions of these components were slightly different and showed alloyed material with more iron boride and aluminium but less boron in total.
__label__0, The effect of solidification history on the resultant microstructures in atomized Al–3Fe and Al–7Fe powders is studied, with particular emphasis on the relationships between droplet size, undercooling and phase stability. The atomized Al–Fe powders exhibit four microstructural features, i.e. Al3Fe phase, Al + Al6Fe eutectic, α-Al dendrite and a predendritic structure. The presence of these is noted to depend on a kinetic phase competitive growth mechanism, which was determined by the initial undercooling experienced by the powders. The results of scanning electron microscope analysis demonstrate that the content of Fe in the α-Al phase increases with decreasing powder particle size, i.e. for Al–3 wt % Fe powders, the content of Fe in the α-Al phase is 2.21 and 2.56 wt % corresponding to powder particle sizes of 90 and 33 μm, respectively; for Al–7 wt % Fe powders, the content of Fe in the α-Al phase is 5.51 and 5.98 wt % corresponding to powder sizes of 90 and 33 μm, respectively. In the present study, homogeneous nucleation undercooling, corresponding to the α-Al phases, is also estimated using an existing correlation.
__label__0, Nutrient resorption from senescing tissues increases plant nutrient-use efficiency, and may be an adaptation to nutrient limitation. In some tree species, retranslocation of nutrients from sapwood during heartwood formation is a comparable process. We measured Ca, Mg and K concentrations in Atlantic white cedar (Chamaecyparis thyoides) stemwood samples taken from two swamps in the northeastern United States and compared them to soil mineral nutrient availability at each site. We found that Ca, Mg and K concentrations were 60–700% higher in sapwood than in the immediately adjacent heartwood, indicating retranslocation of these nutrients from senescing sapwood. Sapwood nutrient concentrations were similar between the two sites. However, nutrient concentrations in the heartwood differed significantly between the sites, as did the relative degree of Ca and Mg retranslocation from senescing sapwood. We found these differences between sites to be inversely related to significant differences in exchangeable Ca, Mg and K as well as Al concentrations in the soil. These findings suggest that the degree of nutrient retranslocation from senescing sapwood may be influenced by soil nutrient availability.
__label__0, TiC and TiB2 particles have been spontaneously incorporated into commercial purity aluminum melts through the use of a K-Al-F-based liquid flux that removes the oxide layer from the surface of the melt. The combination of spontaneous particle entry and close crystal structure matching in the Al-TiB2 and Al-TiC systems, results in low particle-solid interfacial energies and the generation of good spatial distributions of the reinforcing phase in the solidified composite castings. The reinforcement distribution is largely insensitive to the cooling rate of the melt and the majority of the particles are located within the grains. Modulus increases after TiC and TiB2 particle additions are greater than those for Al2O3 and SiC. It is thought that interfacial bonding is enhanced in the TiC and TiB2 systems due to wetting of the reinforcement by the liquid and particle engulfment into the solid phase. TiC-reinforced composites exhibit higher stiffnesses and ductilities than TiB2-reinforced composites. This has been attributed to stronger interfacial bonding in the Al-TiC system, due to the increased tendency for nucleation of solid on the particle surfaces.
__label__0, A portion of nitrate (NO −3 ), a final breakdown product of nitrogen (N) fertilizers, applied to soils and/or that produced upon decomposition of organic residues in soils may leach into groundwater. Nitrate levels in water excess of 10 mg L−1 (NO3–N) are undesirable as per drinking water quality standards. Nitrate concentrations in surficial groundwater can vary substantially within an area of citrus grove which receives uniform N rate and irrigation management practice. Therefore, differences in localized conditions which can contribute to variations in gaseous loss of NO −3  in the vadose zone and in the surficial aquifer can affect differential concentrations of NO3–N in the groundwater at different points of sampling. The denitrification capacity and potential in a shallow vadose zone soil and in surficial groundwater were studied in two large blocks of a citrus grove of ‘Valencia’ orange trees (Citrus sinensis (L.) Obs.) on Rough lemon rootstock ( Citrus jambhiri (L.)) under a uniform N rate and irrigation program. The NO3–N concentration in the surficial groundwater sampled from four monitoring wells (MW) within each block varied from 5.5- to 6.6-fold. Soil samples were collected from 0 to 30, 30 to 90, or 90 to 150 cm depths, and from the soil/groundwater interface (SGWI). Groundwater samples from the monitoring wells (MW) were collected prior to purging (stagnant water) and after purging five well volumes. Without the addition of either C or N, the denitrification capacity ranged from 0.5 to 1.53, and from 0.0 to 2.25 mg N2O–N kg−1 soil at the surface soil and at the soil/groundwater interface, respectively. The denitrification potential increased by 100-fold with the addition of 200 mg kg−1 each of N and C. The denitrification potential in the groundwater also followed a pattern similar to that for the soil samples. Denitrification potential in the soil or in the groundwater was greatest near the monitor well with shallow depth of vadose zone (MW3). Cumulative N2O–N emission (denitrification capacity) from the SGWI soil samples and from stagnant water samples strongly correlated to microbial most probable number (MPN) counts (r2 = 0.84 – 0.89), and dissolved organic C (DOC) (r2 = 0.96 – 0.97). Denitrification capacity of the SGWI samples moderately correlated to water-filled pore space (WFPS) (r2 = 0.52). However, extractable NO3-N content of the SGWI soil samples poorly (negative) correlated to denitrification capacity (r2 = 0.35). However, addition C, N or both to the soil or water samples resulted in significant increase in cumulative N2O emission. This study demonstrated that variation in denitrification capacity, as a result of differences in denitrifier population, and the amount of readily available carbon source significantly (at 95% probability level) influenced the variation in NO3–N concentrations in the surficial groundwater samples collected from different monitoring wells within an area with uniform N management.
__label__0, A variational description is given for curves with triple junctions for the motion with normal velocity v=M(C+κ Φ), where κ Φ stands for the crystalline curvature as determined by the curves and by the crystalline (polygonal Wulff shape) surface free energy functions Φ for each interface, C is constant on each interface, and M is a compatible normal-dependent mobility function for each interface. This variational formulation is based on the idea that the motion should be gradient flow, in the L 2 inner product, for the sum of the surface free energy and the bulk free energy. If the surface free energy functions Φ are identically zero, the motion is that given by Taylor (1995). If the surface free energy functions are positive and crystalline, then the motion is that given by Taylor (1993). Finally, if the surface free energy functions are written as Φ=εΦ 0, then the limiting motion as ε↓0 is in general different from the motion for ε=0 [and hence different from that given by Taylor (1993); the limiting motion is presumably that given by Reitich and Mete Soner (1996)].
__label__0, The modified complex Ginzburg-Landau equation (mCGLE) which includes a delayed response term in the integral form is analysed. In particular, a singularity analysis of mCGLE is presented. It is shown that this equation fails to pass the Painlevé test when the non-conservative terms are nonzero. Nevertheless, exact solutions to this equation do exist. Stationary solutions can be treated using the ‘segment balance’ method which is an extension of conservation laws to non-conservative systems. This method is used to derive an exact soliton solution of mCGLE.
__label__0, The plastic deformation kinetics of polycrystalline 99.9% NaCl were determined in compression at 23–532°C (0.28–0.75TM) and a strain rate ε = 8.3 × 10−4 s−1. The rate-controlling mechanism at 0.28–0.65 TM (σ/μ < 3 × 10−4) was deduced to be the intersection of forest dislocations with a Helmholtz free energy Δ F* = 113 kJ/mol (0.16 μ b3). The forest dislocation obstacles become ineffective at ∼0.65TM. The kinetics at 0.75TM (σ/μ > 3 × 10−4) were in accord with the Weertman-Dorn creep equation. At T > 0.5 TM the decrease in strain hardening with strain and temperature was attributed to cross slip, leading to a brittle-to-ductile transition at 0.5 TM. Dislocation climb was deduced to become more important at higher temperatures. The stress-strain curves were described reasonably well by the Bergström-Roberts dislocation multiplication model.
__label__0, It is often desired to conveniently estimate the strength of materials by using specimens with small sizes. For this purpose, axial compression bending tests were examined by using carbon films and carbon fiber/epoxy resin unidirectional composite strands. The bending strength estimated from the axial displacement and the compression load coincided with the bending strength estimated from the deflection and the compression load. The carbon films showed specimen length dependence of the bending strength. The carbon fiber composite strand with a short specimen length produced a falling load compression curve. It was shown that the bending strength of the specimens showing falling load compression curves can be practically estimated by using the effective cross-section sizes at fracture. This analysis method is preferable also in order to minimize the error in the bending strength caused by the error in the cross-section size.
__label__0, Residual stress near edges and corners of thermally grown alumina scaleswere investigated. In this study, an edge is the intersection of twoorthogonal flat surfaces and a corner is the intersection of three suchsurfaces. Microfluorescence measurements, performed on alloys withcomposition Fe–28Al–5Cr (at.%, bal. Fe) oxidized at 900°C,showed a large (>50%) reduction in hydrostatic stress in the vicinity ofedges and corners. Surprisingly, significant stress reduction persists outto distances twenty to fifty times the scale thickness from theedge. Finite-element analysis calculations confirm the experimental resultsand provide a considerably more detailed picture of the stress distributionand its components and show that much of the observed stress reduction nearan edge, is due to plastic deformation of the underlying metal.
__label__0, The classical Lifshitz–Slyozov–Wagner theory of domain coarsening predicts asymptotically self-similar behavior for the size distribution of a dilute system of particles that evolve by diffusional mass transfer with a common mean field. Here we consider the long-time behavior of measure-valued solutions for systems in which particle size is uniformly bounded, i.e., for initial measures of compact support. We prove that the long-time behavior of the size distribution depends sensitively on the initial distribution of the largest particles in the system. Convergence to the classically predicted smooth similarity solution is impossible if the initial distribution function is comparable to any finite power of distance to the end of the support. We give a necessary criterion for convergence to other self-similar solutions, and conditional stability theorems for some such solutions. For a dense set of initial data, convergence to any self-similar solution is impossible.
__label__0, Oxygen can be exchanged by nitrogen atom in high surface specific and amorphous zirconium phosphate solids thank to nitridation process. Various nitridation parameters influence the O/N substitution. A minimum temperature of 550°C is required for efficient nitridation whereas temperature higher than 850 and 1300°C induces reduction of phosphorus and zirconium atoms respectively. In intermediate temperature range, O/N exchange increases with temperature as well as with time of nitridation. In these conditions, the ZrPON solids obtained are X-ray amorphous and a slight decrease of precursor specific surface area is observed (110–210 m2 g-1).
__label__0, The temperature distribution in a periodic array of parallel cracks acting as heat sinks is studied for the case of stationary crack motion by use of the Wiener–Hopf method. The problem arises in the investigation of cracks propagating into solid material, where the stresses driving crack motion are caused by heat transfer from the solid through the crack surfaces. The solution is given in terms of Fourier integrals involving infinite products. The heat-flux distribution in the vicinity of the crack tips is computed analytically from the high wavenumber asymptotics. Numerical solutions of the temperature distribution are presented for several values of the Biot and Péclet number, and the effect of varying these parameters is discussed qualitatively.
__label__0, The q=2 random cluster model is studied in the context of two mean-field models: the Bethe lattice and the complete graph. For these systems, the critical exponents that are defined in terms of finite clusters have some anomalous values as the critical point is approached from the high-density side, which vindicates the results of earlier studies. In particular, the exponent γ~′ which characterizes the divergence of the average size of finite clusters is 1/2, and ν~′, the exponent associated with the length scale of finite clusters, is 1/4. The full collection of exponents indicates an upper critical dimension of 6. The standard mean field exponents of the Ising system are also present in this model (ν′=1/2, γ′=1), which implies, in particular, the presence of two diverging length-scales. Furthermore, the finite cluster exponents are stable to the addition of disorder, which, near the upper critical dimension, may have interesting implications concerning the generality of the disordered system/correlation length bounds.
__label__0, This paper presents a systematic study on diamond growth on copper by microwave plasma chemical vapour deposition (MPCVD). It includes the following four main parts. 1. Effect of substrate pre-treatment on diamond nucleation. 2. Effect of deposition conditions on diamond nucleation and growth. 3.Preparation of free-standing diamond films using copper substrate. 4. Adherent diamond coating on copper using an interlayer. In the first part we show that diamond nucleation on copper is strongly affected by the substrate pre-treatment. The residues of abrasives left in the surface of the copper substrate play an important role in the diamond nucleation. In the second part we show that the diamond growth rate increases with microwave power and gas pressure. The effect of the microwave power is mainly an effect of substrate temperature. Increasing methane concentration results in a higher nucleation density and higher growth rate, but at the cost of a lower film quality. Gas flow rate has little influence on the diamond nucleation density and growth rate. In the third part we demonstrate the possibility of preparing large area free-standing diamond films using copper substrate, which has nearly no carbon affinity and usually leads to weak adhesion of the diamond films. The normally observed film cracking phenomenon is discussed and a two-step growth method is proposed for stress release. In the fourth part we show that adherent diamond coating on copper can be obtained using a titanium interlayer. Residual stress in the films is evaluated by Raman spectroscopy. It is found that with increase in the film thickness, the diamond Raman line shifts from higher wave numbers to lower, approaching 1332 cm−1. The stress variation along the depth of the film is also analysed using Airy stress theory.
__label__0, Thermoelectric power studies of polycrystalline materials of Sn/Nb substituted Mn-Zn ferrites have been carried out. The Seebeck coefficient, carrier concentration and drift mobility were evaluated. The Seebeck coefficient increases up to 420 K and 400 K for Nb and Sn substituted ferrites respectively. All the ferrites exhibited n-type conduction over the range of temperature studied. At high temperatures, a non-degenerate type of semiconductor behaviour has been observed. The conduction of these materials is explained by hopping of electrons from Fe2+ to Fe3+, in addition to the existence of narrow bands and localized levels. The variation of drift mobility is explained by wavy bands [1, 2].
__label__0, A mathematical construction of a Markov–Feller process associated with a completely positive coupling between classical and quantum systems is proposed. The example of the free classical particle on the Lobatchevski space Q interacting with the quantum system characterized by coherent states on Q is considered.
__label__0, An easy, fast and inexpensive method to determine the mean pore size of a microfiltration ceramic membrane is offered by the wicking technique combined with electrical resistance measurements. Mean pore size is derived from the measured rates of capillary rise of different liquids of known surface tension through the ceramic membrane, via the Washburn equation. We used low-energy liquids for which the contact angle θ ≈ 0, such as hydrocarbons, and we determined the tortuosity of the membrane pores from electrical resistance measurements so that the mean pore radius was the only unknown in the Washburn equation. The mean pore diameter of the ceramic membrane was also determined from Mercury Intrusion Porosimetry (MIP) for comparison. It was found to be in very good agreement with that afforded by the wicking technique.
__label__0, The corrosion of Ni and FeAl in molten (0.62Li, 0.38K)2CO3 mixtures at 650°Cin air has been examined by the electrochemical-impedance spectroscopy (EIS)technique. The impedance spectra for Ni showed the typical characteristics ofa diffusion-controlled reaction, i.e., a semicircle at the high-frequency portand a line at the low-frequency port. The corrosion of FeAl also presentedthe feature of a diffusion-controlled reaction during initial immersion. However,the impedance spectra were composed of two capacitance loops after someimmersion time. The change of the impedance spectra with immersion time maybe ascribed to the formation of continuous external LiFeO2 and an innerAl2O3 layer. Equivalent circuits representing the featuresof the corrosion of Ni and FeAl were proposed to fit the impedance spectra andelectrochemical parameters in the equivalent circuits were also calculated. Basedon the measurement of diffusion impedance, the diffusion ofO− 2 was proposed to be the predominant feature of oxygen reduction.
__label__0, The statistical properties of random analytic functions ψ(z) are investigated as a phase-space model for eigenfunctions of fully chaotic systems. We generalize to the plane and to the hyperbolic plane a theorem concerning the equidistribution of the zeros of ψ(z) previously demonstrated for a spherical phase space [SU(2) polynomials]. For systems with time-reversal symmetry, the number of real roots is computed for the three geometries. In the semiclassical regime, the local correlation functions are shown to be universal, independent of the system considered or the geometry of phase space. In particular, the autocorrelation function of ψ is given by a Gaussian function. The connections between this model and the Gaussian random function hypothesis as well as the random matrix theory are discussed.
__label__0, This study was conducted to assess 1) the growth of fine roots into ingrowth cores and fine root mortality, 2) the effects of liming and correction fertilization on fine-root growth and mortality, and 3) the concentrations of heavy metals in fine roots in control, limed or fertilized Scots pine stands at different distances from a copper-nickel smelter. Fine-root biomass in the ingrowth cores in the control plots varied between 1 (at 0.5 km from the smelter) and 252 and 271 g/m2 (at 4 and 8 km, respectively). In the most polluted stand at 0.5 km, 98% of the fine roots that had grown into the ingrowth cores had died before sampling. Corresponding values for the other stands (4 and 8 km) were only 13-18%. At 0.5 km, liming increased the growth and survival of fine roots. The concentrations of Cu and Ni were also smaller in fine roots from the limed plot than those from the control plot. In the correction fertilization treatment at 0.5 km the total ingrowth of fine roots was at the same level as in the control, but less fine roots had died. Thus, the correction fertilizer treatment increased the survival but not the growth of fine roots. At 4 or 8 km, there were no significant differences in the fine-root biomass or necromass or element concentrations between the treatments.
__label__0, The application of Auger Electron Spectroscopy (AES) to the study of the composition and thickness of the passive film formed on the surface of 316 Stainless steel in H3PO4-Cl− solutions containing nitrate, dichromate, molybdate and tungstate as inhibitors is discussed. Data are presented which explain the effectiveness of the additives on the properties of the passive films of the alloy. It is concluded that much higher corrosion resistance of the alloy is observed in nitrate additives due to marked nitrogen enrichment underneath the passive film which enhances the repassivation ability of this alloy. The results could also explain the effectiveness of the dichromate, molybdate and tungstate anions due to improved film repair conditions.
__label__0, By means of S-4200 SEM, phase separation of CaO-Al2O3-SiO2 glasses upon application of an electric field is investigated. The experimental results show that externally applied electric field promotes the phase separation of the glass, and it leads to a different size of the droplet phase. In the vicinity of the anode of the glass, the smaller droplet phase is induced compared with the cathode of the glass. The accelerating phase separation of the glass in the presence of an electric field is due to the decrease in the free energy forming a critical nucleus size. The different size of the droplet phase of the cathode is due to the increase in the driving force of nucleation and decrease in the viscosity of the glass compared with that of the anode of the specimen.
__label__0, Descent algorithms use sufficient descent directions combined with stepsize rules, such as the Armijo rule, to produce sequences of iterates whose cluster points satisfy some necessary optimality conditions. In this note, we present a proof that the whole sequence of iterates converges for quasiconvex objective functions.
__label__0, The mechanical properties, electrical conductivity and microstructure of Cu-2.7wt%Ti and Cu-5.4wt%Ti alloys have been studied in different conditions employing hardness and resistivity measurements, tensile tests and optical, scanning and transmission electron microscopy. Ageing of undeformed as well as cold worked alloys raises their hardness, strength and electrical conductivity. The hardness increased from 120 VHN for solution treated Cu-2.7Ti to 455 VHN for ST + cold worked + peak aged Cu-5.4Ti alloy. While tensile stength increased from 430 to 1450 MPa, the ductility (elongation) decreased from 36 to 1.5%. A maximum conductivity of 25% International Annealed Copper Standard (IACS) for Cu-2.7Ti and 14.5% IACS for Cu-5.4Ti is obtained with the present treatments. Peak strength was obtained when the solution treated alloys are aged at 450°C for 16 hours due to precipitation of ordered, metastable and coherent β′, Cu4Ti phase having body centred tetragonal (bct) structure. While mechanical properties of Cu-Ti alloys are comparable, electrical conductivity is less than that of commercial Cu-Be-Co alloys.
__label__0, This study was conducted to compare the effects on the growth of Eucalyptus regnans seedlings of unheated soil and soil heated to different extents (as indicated by soil colour–bright red or black) in burnt logging coupes, and to separate the effects of heating of the soil on direct nutrient availability and on morphotypes and effectiveness of ectomycorrhizae. Burnt soils were collected from three logging coupes burnt 2, 14 and 25 months previously and unbumt soil from adjacent regrowth forests.Compared to unburnt soil, the early seedling growth was stimulated in black burnt soil from all coupes (burnt 2, 14 and 25 months previously). Seedling growth was generally poor in red burnt soil, especially in soil collected 2 months after burning. However, the concentration of extractable P was extremely high in red burnt soil, especially in soil collected 2 months after burning. In black burnt soil, extractable P was increased in soil 2 months after burning, but not in the soils collected 14 or 25 months after burning. However, both total P content and concentration in seedlings were increased in all collections of black burnt soil. Frequency of ectomycorrhizae was high in seedlings grown in all black burnt soils, but the mycorrhizal mantles were poorly developed in seedlings in black burnt soil collected 2 months after burning. Seedlings were also ectomycorrhizal in red burnt soil, except in soil collected 2 months after burning. Fine root inocula from seedlings grown in black burnt soils collected 14 and 25 months after burning significantly stimulated both seedling growth and P uptake compared with the uninoculated control, whereas the fine root inocula from the seedlings grown in all the other soils did not. These results suggest that, in black burnt soil, both direct nutritional changes and changes in the ectomycorrhizae may contribute to seedling growth promotion after regeneration burns. The generally poor seedling growth in red burnt soils is likely to have been due to N deficiency as the seedlings in these soils were yellow-green and the tissue concentrations of N were significantly lower than in other treatments.
__label__0, Short-term measurements on fiber reinforced plastics (FRPs) appeared to indicate that their degradation in aqueous media has simple (linear or sublinear) kinetics with Arrhenius-type temperature dependence, permitting easy design of accelerated tests and development of long-term predictive models of FRP degradation. However, upon more prolonged exposure, delayed increases in the rate of degradation were observed. Such non-linear effects greatly complicate predictions of long-term behavior. These effects were postulated to result from interface degradation involving alkali leaching from the fibers, enhanced hydrolytic extraction of monomeric acrylic acid from the matrix, fiber/matrix debonding, microcracking, and ensuing enlargement of the effective area of the composite exposed to further attack, leading to enhanced corrosion. Measurements of fiber dissolution as a function of time demonstrated the existence of accelerated degradation phenomena. The pH at the fiber/matrix interface was shown to rise using an indicator. Hydrolytic depolymerization of the matrix surrounding the fibers was demonstrated using Raman spectroscopy and leachate analysis. Direct evidence of interface cracking and matrix degradation during exposure to aqueous media was gathered using environmental scanning electron microscopy (E-SEM). The effects of porosity as well as of the presence of microcracks were demonstrated by measuring the extent of silica dissolution from the fibers embedded in the FRP before and after the porosity had been altered using various thermal treatments. The results of these measurements were integrated to give a coherent interpretation of the observed delayed increases in degradation rates of FRPs exposed to aqueous environments.
__label__0, The parallel dynamics of extremely diluted symmetric Q-Ising neural networks is studied for arbitrary Q using a probabilistic approach. In spite of the extremely diluted architecture the feedback correlations arising from the symmetry prevent a closed-form solution in contrast with the extremely diluted asymmetric model. A recursive scheme is found determining the complete time evolution of the order parameters taking into account all feedback. It is based upon the evolution of the distribution of the local field, as in the fully connected model. As an illustrative example an explicit analysis is carried out for the Q=2 and Q=3 model. These results agree with and extend the partial results existing for Q=2. For Q>2 the analysis is entirely new. Finally, equilibrium fixed-point equations are derived and a capacity-gain function diagram is obtained.
__label__0, Ernest Becker's theory of human evil is as devastating as it is incisive since he identifies the uniquely human capacity for transcendence as the source of evil. Anticipating our own death, we turn to elaborately constructed “heroic illusions” that give us meaning and the promise of immortality while treating those with different ideologies as opponents. This article summarizes Becker's interpretation of evil and discusses how transcendence is understood by contemporary thinkers such as Karl Rahner. It concludes by examining “breakthroughs” in personal relationships as transcendent experiences that are deeply meaningful but do not involve the construction of others as enemies.
__label__0, We consider a production planning problem for a dynamic jobshop producing a number of products and subject to breakdown and repair of machines. The machine capacities are assumed to be finite-state Markov chains. As the rates of change of the machine states approach infinity, an asymptotic analysis of this stochastic manufacturing systems is given. The analysis results in a limiting problem in which the stochastic machine availability is replaced by its equilibrium mean availability. The long-run average cost for the original problem is shown to converge to the long-run average cost of the limiting problem. The convergence rate of the long-run average cost for the original problem to that of the limiting problem together with an error estimate for the constructed asymptotic optimal control is established.
__label__0, In this paper, we deal with two types of minimax theorems for set-valued mappings and vector-valued functions.
__label__0, The method of functional equations is applied to evaluate the effective conductivity tensor for a rectangular array of highly conducting cylinders. The Rayleigh sum S 2 is calculated by Eisenstein and Weierstrass functions. Approximate analytical formula for the effective conductivity tensor are deduced.
__label__0, We describe the transfer of electric charge in junctionsbetween a metal and carbon nanotube as well as betweenmetallic and semiconducting carbon nanotubes. The long rangeCoulomb interaction drastically modifies the charge transferphenomena in one-dimensional nanotube systems compared toconventional semiconductor heterostructures. Being broughtinto a contact with a metal, conducting nanotube accumulateselectric charge whose density decays slowly with the distancefrom the junction. The length of the Schottky barrier innanotube heterojunctions varies from the distances of theorder of the nanotube radius (nanometers) to the distances ofthe order of the nanotube length (microns) depending on adoping strength. The Schottky barrier height shows pronouncedasymmetry under the forward and reverse bias. This results inrectifying behavior of heterojunctions, in agreement withrecent experimental observations by Z. Yao et al. andP. McEuen et al. Finally, we discuss observability of recentlypredicted Mott insulating phase in metallic carbon nanotubes.
__label__0, We consider a model in which positive and negative particles with equal densities diffuse in an asymmetric, CP-invariant way on a ring. The positive particles hop clockwise, the negative counterclockwise, and oppositely charged adjacent particles may swap positions. The model depends on two parameters. Analytic calculations using quadratic algebras, inhomogeneous solutions of the mean-field equations, and Monte Carlo simulations suggest that the model has three phases: (1) a pure phase in which one has three pinned blocks of only positive or negative particles and vacancies and in which translational invariance is broken; (2) a mixed phase in which the current has a linear dependence on one parameter, but is independent of the other one and of the density of the charged particles; in this phase one has a bump and a fluid, the bump (condensate) containing positive and negative particles only, the fluid containing charged particles and vacancies uniformly distributed; and (3) the mixed phase is separated from the disordered phase by a second-order phase transition which has many properties of the Bose–Einstein phase transition observed in equilibrium. Various critical exponents are found.
__label__0, Polyphenylenesulphide (PPS) polymer was applied as a sealing material to flame-sprayed nickel–aluminium (Ni–Al) coatings to protect the interior surfaces at the ends where the mild carbon steel (MCS) heat-exchanger tubes are jointed to the tubesheet. The aim of applying PPS is to prevent their corrosion, oxidation and abrasive wear, in a low pH, hypersaline brine geothermal environment at 200°C under a hydrothermal pressure of 1.6 MPa. Although the Ni–Al coatings had an excellent thermal conductivity and a good wear-resistance, the inherent open structure of these coatings allowed the hot brine to permeate them easily under such pressure, causing the development of corrosion-induced stress cracks in the MCS. Furthermore, under these conditions, the coatings underwent oxidation with the formulation of Al2O3 as the major scale compound and NiO as the minor one. PPS sealant was used to solve these problems. However, one major drawback of PPS was its susceptibility to oxidation reaction with hot brine. This reaction not only incorporated more oxygen into the PPS, generating a sulphide → sulphone transformation within PPS, but also it caused the decomposition of PPS, yielding polychloroaryl compound, and sodium sulphate, and also evolving SO2 gases. The SO2 gases had a chemical affinity for oxide scales in Ni–Al, forming water-soluble Al2(SO4)3 and NiSO4 salt reaction products at the PPS/Ni–Al interfaces. Despite the occurrence of such oxidation damage in PPS, an exposure for 14 days showed that there was no development of corrosion-caused cracks at the interfaces between the underlying steel and Ni–Al, nor was a striking oxidation of the sealed coating panels.
__label__0, The stress singularity in space junctions of thin linearly elastic isotropic plate elements with zero bending rigidities is investigated. The problem for an intersection of infinite wedge-shaped elements is considered first and the solution for each element, being in the plane stress state, is represented in terms of holomorphic functions (Kolosov–Muskhelishvili complex potentials) in some weighted Hardy-type classes. After application of the Mellin transform with respect to radius, the problem is reduced to a system of linear algebraic equations. By use of the residue calculus during the inverse Mellin transform, the stress asymptotics at the wedge apex is obtained. Then the asymptotic representation is extended to intersections of finite plate elements. Some numerical results are presented for a dependence of stress singularity powers on the junction geometry and on membrane rigidities of plate elements.
__label__0, In a programme to improve the production of lentil (Lens culinaris Medikus), germplasm was introduced into Nepal. However, the evaluation of exotic germplasm in the Chitwan region of Nepal revealed a striking micronutrient deficiency problem. Landraces from Nepal had no deficiency symptoms, whereas 82% out of 494 exotic accessions showed severe chlorosis and stunting. Boron (B) deficiency was revealed as the primary cause of the problem and the first limiting nutrient, because an exotic genotype, which exhibited the symptoms, yielded only 103 kg seed/ha, but produced 1367 kg seed ha with the application of 0.5 kg boric acid/ha, a 13-fold yield increase. There was also a significant but lower response in yield (20%) to applied Zn. Exotic germplasm from various countries showed differences in B-deficiency symptoms. Accessions from Syria, representative of the Mediterranean region where lentil originated, all exhibited B-deficiency symptoms. Accessions without B-deficiency symptoms were mainly from Bangladesh (37% accessions free of B deficiency). In a subsequent trial to estimate yield losses, landraces from Nepal, which exhibited no deficiency symptoms, were B efficient and gave a mean seed yield of 1173 kg/ha. In contrast, 10 exotic lines exhibited severe symptoms and gave no seed yield. In summary, the study revealed that, in soil low in B, striking genetic differences in B efficiency associated with geographic origin are apparent which may lead to complete yield loss in B-inefficient lentil germplasm.
__label__0, Soybean is an important agricultural crop and has, among its genotypes, a relatively wide variation in salt tolerance. As measured by vegetative growth and yield, however, the achievement or failure of a high emergence ratio and seedling establishment in saline soils can have significant economic implications in areas where soil salinity is a potential problem for soybean. This study was conducted to determine the effects of salinity, variety and maturation rate on soybean emergence and seedling growth. Included in the study were the variety ‘Manokin’; four near-isogenic sibling lines of the variety ‘Lee’ belonging to maturity groups IV, V, VI and VII; and the variety ‘Essex’ and two of its near-isogenic related lines representing maturity groups V, VI and VII, respectively. Field plots were salinized with sodium chloride and calcium chloride salts prior to planting. The soybeans were irrigated with furrow irrigation which redistributed the salts towards the tail ends of the field plots. Elevated soil salinity near the tail ends of the field significantly reduced soybean emergence rate, shoot height and root length. No significant reduction was found for emergence or seedling growth of variety ‘Manokin’ when the electrical conductivity of soil solution extract (ECe) was less than 3 dS m−1. Soybean emergence and seedling growth was significantly reduced when soil ECe reached about 11 dS m−1. Maturity groups V and VII of variety ‘Lee’ or V and VI of ‘Essex’ appeared to be more sensitive to salinity stress than other maturity groups. Salt tolerance of different genotypes and maturity groups should be considered, among other limiting factors, in minimizing salinity effects on soybean growth.
__label__0, The two kinds of the hydrothermally crystallised zirconia powders were used to toughen alumina matrix. The one composed of isometric crystallites of tetragonal symmetry, the other one of elongated monoclinic particles. In the sintered ZTA material either isometric or elongated particles form tetragonal disk shaped inclusions. Zirconia inclusions originating from the elongated particles tend to arrange crystallographically on the uniaxial compaction. This resulted in the material showing different ultrasonic wave velocity, Young modulus, crack lengths and fracture toughness along directions perpendicular and parallel to the compaction force. An explanation of this phenomenon is suggested. Zirconia inclusions originating from the powder composed of isometric crystallites lead to the material of isotropic mechanical properties.
__label__0, This study investigate the potential contribution ofnitrogen fixation by indigenous cyanobacteria to rice production in the rice fields of Valencia (Spain). N2-fixing cyanobacteria abundance and N2 fixation decreased with increasing amounts of fertilizers. Grain yield increased with increasing amounts of fertilizers up to 70 kg N ha-1. No further increase was observed with 140 kg N ha-1. Soil N was the main source of N for rice, only 8–14% of the total N incorporated by plants derived from 15N fertilizer. Recovery of applied 15N-ammonium sulphate by the soil–plant system was lower than 50%. Losses were attributed to ammonia volatilization, since only 0.3–1% of applied N was lost by denitrification. Recovery of 15N from labeled cyanobacteria by the soil–plant system was higher than that from chemical fertilizers. Cyanobacterial N was available to rice plant even at the tillering stage, 20 days after N application.
__label__0, Tetragonal zirconia polycrystal (TZP)/stainless steel 304 (SUS304)- and ZT [50 vol % monoclinic zirconia polycrystal (MZP) + 50 vol % TZP]/SUS304-functionally gradient material (FGM) were fabricated by pressureless sintering, and the sintering properties and residual stresses of this proposed FGM were compared with directly jointed material. The defects in the sintered specimens, such as warping, frustum formation, delamination, and cracking, which originated from the different shrinkage and sintering behavior of ceramic and metal, could be controlled by the adjustments in terms of the particle size and phase type of zirconia. The residual stresses induced on the ceramic and metal regions of FGM were characterized by the X-ray diffraction method, which were relaxed as the thickness and number of compositional gradient layers were increased. The residual stresses in TZP/SUS304-FGM show irregular patterns resulting from sintering defects and thermal expansion mismatch. In ZT/SUS304-FGM, compressive stress is induced on the ceramic regions by the volume expansion of MZP that resulted from the t → m ZrO2 phase transformation on cooling. Also, compressive stress is induced on the metal regions by the constraint of warping and frustum formation that must be created to the metal direction caused by the difference of the coefficient of thermal expansions. As a consequence, it has been verified that the residual stresses generated on FGM are dominantly influenced by the thickness and number of compositional gradient layers, and the sintering defects and residual stresses can be controlled by the decrease of the difference of the shrinkage and sintering behavior of each component.
__label__0, The activities of TiC and TiN in Ti(CN) solid solutions can be calculated by means of an integration method. In order to obtain accurate activities for a given set of data, two approaches were evaluated. A linear regression with one curve was found to be more proper than a two-curve approach. The activity exhibited a strong negative deviation from ideal solution behavior. The free energy of formation was obtained at given temperatures using the activity values. Isothermal curves of the free energy of formation with respect to composition had a minimum value near Ti(C0.3N0.7) and Ti(C0.6N0.4) at 1700 and 2100 K, respectively. The investigation shows that the Ti(CN) solid solution cannot be treated as a regular solution. Thus, a subregular solution model was introduced to describe the temperature dependence of free energy.
__label__0, In this part of the series, the impact behaviour of the PBT and PC blends without impact modifier was studied. Failure mechanism of the blends under various conditions was discussed. It was found that the key toughening process, i.e. interfacial debonding-cavitation, was disabled when the blends were subjected to impact loading. Hence, the fracture of the thick PBT/PC specimens with strong interface occurred under plane-strain condition. Their impact toughness obeys the rule of mixtures and synergistic toughening could not be achieved. When thinner specimens were tested, the fracture took place under non-plane-strain condition. But, the toughness of the blends was much lower than the value predicted by the rule of mixtures. Negative blending effect was obtained. Study on the strain rate effect suggests that under impact loading, the PC domains in the blends are subjected to an additional plastic constraint imposed by the neighboring PBT matrix, which is more rigid at a higher strain rate. Since fracture of the PC is highly sensitive to the plastic constraint at the crack-tip, the PBT imposed high plastic constraint promotes brittle fracture of the PC, leading to a deteriorated impact resistance. Evidences from TEM, SEM and OM studies support the mechanism proposed. Based on this mechanism, some suggestions on the selection of polymer components and design of microstructure for rigid-rigid polymer blends are also given.
__label__0, The effect of Ta2O5 doping in 0.99SnO2·0.01CoO on the microstructure and electrical properties of this ceramic were analyzed in this study. The grain size was found to decrease from 6.87 μm to 5.68 μm when the Ta2O5 concentration increased from 0.050 to 0.075 mol%. DC electrical characterization showed a dramatic increase in the current loss and decrease in the non-linear coefficient with the increase of the Ta2O5 concentration. The conduction mechanism is by thermionic emission and the potential barriers are of Schottky type, separated by a thin film.
__label__0, An exact analytic solution of the unsteady Navier–Stokes equations is obtained for the flow caused by the non-coaxial rotations of a porous disk and a fluid at infinity. The porous disk is executing oscillations in its own plane with superimposed injection or suction. An increasing or decreasing velocity amplitude of the oscillating porous disk is also discussed. Further, it is shown that a combination of suction/injection and decreasing/increasing velocity amplitude is possible as well. In addition, the flow due to porous oscillating disk and a fluid at infinity rotating about an axis parallel to the z-axis is attempted as a second problem. Sommario. Si studia il flusso non stazionario prodotto dall'oscillazione di un disco poroso in un fluido e si fornisce una soluzione analitica delle equazioni di Navier–Stokes. Si discute l'effetto di una suzione/iniezione e di una variazione sull'ampiezza della velocità' di oscillazione. Infine si studia il flusso dovuto alle oscillazioni non coassiali di un disco poroso e di un fluido all'infinito.
__label__0, Cermet composite thin film resistors of Cu and MgF2 were prepared by conventional vacuum evaporation technique at a pressure of 5 × 10−5 torr and at 302 ± 2 K. The composition by volume was varied from 10 vol% Cu and 90 vol% MgF2 to 100% Cu for thicknesses in the range 110 to 300 nm. Starting materials were co-evaporated from separate molybdenum boats. An empirical formula has been proposed to describe the resistivity-thickness relation for the thin film resistors. The resistivity-thickness relation was found to be of Arrhenius type with ln ρf being a linear function of inverse of film thickness in the entire thickness range investigated. A parameter S has been defined to be an estimate of the average separation of the metal islands in the composite thin films. It was observed that S increased with decrease in Cu content of the composite resistors. Another empirical formula has been proposed to describe the resistivity-composition relation for the same film resistors. The relation, obtained by regression analysis of the resistivity-composition data, was found to be exponential in terms of vol% Cu content of the Cu-MgF2 cermets.
__label__0, This paper uses three-way and sociometric data to reconstitute individual conceptions of peer-driven intervention for the protection of common resources in a collegial organization, a Northeastern corporate law firm. Variations in partners' individual conceptions are explained in terms of management of costs of lateral control. Costs of control are mainly expressed as costs to members in terms of social capital. Management of such costs includes spreading or concentrating them among partners, shifting them to others or bearing them oneself, and using similarities among others to smooth the control process among peers. Leverage styles are identified. They tend to combine various ways of spreading and shifting such costs, and characterize three levels of seniority. Seniority appears to be a key variable for a theory of unobtrusive protection of common resources among peers.
__label__0, The Fe nutritional demands, requirements and mechanisms of uptake by Dunaliella bardawil as well as potential Fe sources were studied. A comparison between Fe uptake from bacterial siderophores and from synthetic ferric chelates revealed algal growth response and chlorophyll synthesis to increasing concentrations and availability at a range of 0.01 μM–5 μM, as well as differences in efficiency. Furthermore, chloroplast ultrastructure, as observed by TEM, was affected by Fe deficiency, as was chlorophyll content. Ferric reduction is involved in the Fe uptake mechanism of Fe-stressed D. bardawil. Nutrient solution with controlled levels of free Fe2+ as well as spectrophotometric assays were used to measure Fe3+ reduction. This study shows that D. bardawil utilizes Fe3+ via a reduction mechanism, similar to that of strategy-I higher plants.
__label__0, Contact relations have been studied in the context of qualitative geometry and physics since the early 1920s, and have recently received attention in qualitative spatial reasoning. In this paper, we present a sound and complete proof system in the style of Rasiowa and Sikorski (1963) for relation algebras generated by a contact relation.
__label__0, This is a part of a series of studies on the influence of thermal processing on microstructures and mechanical properties of thermoplastic composites. In this paper, the effect of cooling rate during thermal moulding processes on the mechanical properties of bulk unidirectional commingled yarn GF/PA6 composites (Iosipescu shear strength, transverse flexural tensile strength and elastic modulus) has been investigated. Cooling rate from fast to slow, −60°C/min, −3°C/min and −1°C/min, were achieved at 1.5 MPa pressure. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) was used to analyse the damaging mechanisms of the fracture surfaces of the tested samples. The different dynamic responses of the samples were observed by polarised optical microscopy (POM) during the mechanical tests. The results indicated that when the cooling rate was varied from fast to slow, the interfacial tensile and shear strength were improved associated with enhanced elastic modulus. These results may be attributed to the slow cooling achieved a high transcrystallinity between the glass fibres and PA6 matrix, and high crystallinity of α phase in the PA6 matrix.
__label__0, Experiments of dissolution of a soluble boro-silica glass were performed at 37°C in a saline solution without and with 50, 75 and 100 ppm of added silica. After reaction silica concentration was measured by AAS and colorimetry and fibers were investigated by SEM-EDS and XPS. The results give informations on the dissolution velocity of the glass and the factors controlling the formation rate of the gel layer and its composition. The dissolution velocity measured at the unaltered glass-gel interface is not significantly decreased by the silica concentration in solution whatever its origin (leaching of the glass fibres or initial addition). Accordingly, gel formation is controlled by the chemical reactions rate at, or near, the boundary of the unaltered core. The composition and the stucture of the gel layer are depending on the silica concentration in solution above a threshold of about 50 ppm. The framework of the gel appears to play the more important role in the dissolution velocity of the glass.
__label__0, The precipitation of three new types of metastable phases, i.e., TYPE-A, TYPE-B and TYPE-C, with different crystal structures from the β′ phase is proposed from our research on the change in crystal structures and formation sequence of metastable phases during the aging of the Al-1.0mass% Mg2Si-0.4mass% Si alloy by a combination of analytical high resolution electron microscopy and energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy. The sequence of their formation is explained as follows. First, precipitation of the β′ phase and TYPE-B precipitate, then β′ dissolution into the matrix and degradation of the TYPE-B precipitate. Finally, predominant precipitation of the metastable TYPE-A precipitate. The TYPE-C precipitate appeared heterogeneously in the over-aged condition.
__label__0, The paper considers theoretically the propagation of weakly nonlinear high-frequency waves in homogeneous gas-solid suspensions. The governing equations include the equation of particle conservation and the equation of mean motion of the particles. These equations are supplemented by a barotropic dependence of the particulate pressure on the particle volume fraction which has a point of maximum (critical point) separating the regions of increase and decrease of the particulate pressure. Under condition that the particulate gas viscosity is negligible, the conservation laws represent a system of mixed hyperbolic-elliptic type. It is shown that a uniformly fluidized bed operated at the critical concentration is unstable with respect to high-frequency sinusoidal oscillations.
__label__0, The main aims of the present study are simultaneously to relate the brazing parameters with the correspondent interfacial microstructure, the resultant mechanical properties and the electrochemical degradation behaviour of commercially pure titanium/alumina brazed joints. A filler metal on the Ag-26.5Cu-3Ti system has been used. Three different brazing temperatures (850, 900 and 950°C) and three holding times (0.3, 1.2, 2.4 ks) were tested, in order to understand the influence of each combination of brazing temperature holding times, over the final microstructure and properties of the joints. The mechanical properties of the M/C joints were assessed on the basis of bond strength tests carried out using a shear solicitation scheme. The fracture surfaces were studied morphologically and structurally using scanning electron microscopy (SEM), energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS) and X-ray diffraction analysis (XRD). The degradation behaviour of the M/C joints was assessed by means of electrochemical techniques. It was found that a brazing temperature of 850°C and a holding time of 2.4 ks, produces the best results in terms of bond strength, 130 ± 16 MPa. The mechanical properties obtained could be explained on the basis of the different compounds identified on the fracture surfaces by XRD. On the other hand, a brazing temperature of 950°C produces the best results in terms of corrosion rates (lower corrosion current), 3.44 ± 0.73 μA cm−2. However, the joints produced at 850°C using a holding time of 1.2 ks present the best compromise between mechanical properties and degradation behaviour, 122 ± 12 MPa and 7.59 ± 1.47 μA cm−2 respectively. The role of Ti diffusion from the metallic Ti to the Al2O3 surface is fundamental in terms of the final value achieved for the M/C bond strength. On the contrary, the Ti distribution along the brazed interface does not seem to play any relevant role in the M/C joints electrochemical performance.
__label__0, Effects of oxygen active elements, yttrium and cerium, as additives in commercial lubricants on corrosive wear were investigated. Sliding wear losses of stainless steel 304 and Al alloy 6061 lubricated by oil and thin grease respectively with and without yttrium or cerium additive in a corrosive environment were determined. Dilute H2SO4 solution (10% H2SO4) was used as the corrosive medium and added to the lubricants for the corrosive wear test. The wear test was performed on a pin-on-disc tribometer with the capability of measuring wear in lubricant. The disc was coiled with a copper tube, through which cooling water could pass, so that the wear losses respectively under cooling condition and non-cooling condition could be determined. The results showed that wear losses of the tested materials caused by synergistic attack of wear and corrosion can be effectively reduced by adding small amounts of yttrium or cerium to the lubricant. In addition, the effect of the additives was found more distinctive under the non-cooling condition. Worn surfaces were examined using SEM to clarify the wear mode and thus the wear mechanism.
__label__0, Among the wide variety of procedures to handle missing data, imputingthe missing values is a popular strategy to deal with missing itemresponses. In this paper some simple and easily implemented imputationtechniques like item and person mean substitution, and somehot-deck procedures, are investigated. A simulation study was performed based on responses to items forming a scale to measure a latent trait ofthe respondents. The effects of different imputation procedures onthe estimation of the latent ability of the respondents wereinvestigated, as well as the effect on the estimation of Cronbach'salpha (indicating the reliability of the test) and Loevinger'sH-coefficient (indicating scalability). The results indicate thatprocedures which use the relationships between items perform best,although they tend to overestimate the scale quality.
__label__0, The compositional profile, distribution of the phases and the ordering behavior in the interdiffusion layer of the PNN/PZT functionally gradient piezoelectric ceramics have been investigated by electron probe microbeam analyses (EPMA) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM) respectively. The results show that the thickness of the interdiffusion layers (d) for Ni2+, Nb5+, Ti4+ and Zr4+ ions are ordered as dNi 2+ > dNb 5+ > dTi 4+ > dZr 4+. It is demonstrated by TEM observation and selected area electron diffraction (SAED) patterns that a clear interface between the rhombohedral and pseudocubic phases exists in the interdiffusion layer. The SAED studies also reveal the presence of F spots along the [111] direction of the perovskite cubic unit cell. The origin of this superstructure is determined.
__label__0, Deep ideas of Sir James Lighthill concerning turbulent flows are discussed in the beginning. The scaling laws for large-Reynolds-number flows are presented in their historical development. The underlying hypotheses are discussed and compared with experiments. Special attention is given to non-universal Reynolds-number-dependent scaling laws that reveal the incomplete similarity of the flows. Recent results concerning scaling laws for boundary layers are presented in more detail and discussed.
__label__0, Two types of tetragonal-to-monoclinic (t-m) phase transitioncharacteristics were observed in the 2Y-TZP powder samples. In thesample calcined below 1200°C, the t-m phase transitionoccurred below 200°C, and the fraction of the monoclinic phaseincreased sigmoidally. At the beginning of the transition, thefraction of the monoclinic phase increased gradually, and the latticestrain remained unchanged. The abrupt increase in the monoclinicphase accompanying the increase in the lattice strain of thetetragonal phase followed this. Finally, the fraction of themonoclinic phase was saturated, and the lattice strain dropped to0%. The reaction between the adsorbed water and 2Y-TZP was essentialfor the t-m phase transition of 2Y-TZP to occur in air at around roomtemperature. The lattice strain stored in the tetragonal latticeassisted the phase transition. On the other hand, the fraction of themonoclinic phase increased, accompanied by a decrease in the latticestrain in the 1400°C calcined powder. After the fraction ofthe monoclinic phase was almost saturated, the lattice strain droppedto 0%. A gas-solid reaction between the water vapor in air and2Y-TZP and the diffusion of OH− ion into the 2Y-TZP lattice wereessential for this type of t-m phase transition.
__label__0, Although inflammation is increasingly implicated in psychiatric disorders, less is known about its role in anorexia nervosa (AN), an illness with low body mass index (BMI).
__label__0, The photocatalytic degradation of dyes was studied using nano titania–zirconia composite catalyst from textile wastewater. The composite photocatalysts were prepared by sol–gel method and were characterized by X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy and BET analyzer. The textile effluent was characterized by various analytical procedures before treatment. The effects of initial pH of the solution, effluent concentration, catalyst concentration and air flow rate on the degradation of pollutants were investigated on the basis of chemical oxygen demand. The Langmuir–Hinshelwood based model was validated with the experimental data based on reactive red 120 removals.
__label__0, This paper provides thermal characterization of a thermo-magnetically actuated shuttle. The mechanism derives from a method of converting excess heat to mechanical motion that provides convective and conductive cooling of the heat source. Ferromagnetic foils transitioning between paramagnetic and ferromagnetic states drive a metallic shuttle that generates a squeezed-film cooling effect during oscillation. As a means of improving performance, carbon nanotubes are grown on the gadolinium foils for the purpose of decreasing thermal interface resistance. Experimental details of the carbon nanotube growth process and the device development are presented. Results indicate a range of interface resistances for the carbon nanotube-coated gadolinium samples (140–780 mm2 K/W) based on growth parameters, though all are reduced relative to a bare gadolinium sample (1230 mm2 K/W). Characterization of the different foil types during shuttle actuation is described by the shuttle frequency and an effective heat transfer coefficient. Reduced interface resistance from the carbon nanotube arrays enables increased shuttle frequency and overall heat transfer.
__label__0, Binary electrolytes, comprising of lithium bis(fluorosulfonyl) imide (LiFSI) and ionic liquids (ILs) of N-methyl-N-propylpiperidinium bis(fluorosulfonyl) imide (PI13FSI) with various concentrations of LiFSI (i.e., LiFSI/PI13FSI in 0.05:1, 0.1:1, 0.2:1, 0.5:1, 0.8:1 and 1:1, by mole) have been investigated as electrolyte for Li-ion cells, in terms of phase behavior, thermal stability, density, viscosity, ionic conductivity, lithium-ion transference number, and electrochemical behaviors on Al, Pt, Ni, and composite natural graphite electrodes, with particular attention to the effect of concentration of LiFSI in PI13FSI on these properties. The stability of Al in the high potential region (3.0–5.0 V vs. Li/Li+) has been confirmed in these electrolytes using cyclic voltammetry, chronoamperometry and SEM morphology. The anodic stability of these electrolytes on Pt electrode has been little affected by addition of LiFSI. Li deposition/stripping on Ni electrode shows low columbic efficiencies (< 45%) in these electrolytes, due to the continuous reduction of FSI− anions and PI13+ cations. Reduction of FSI− anions for forming solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) films on the graphite is observed at ca. 2.0 V (vs. Li/Li+), followed by intercalation of Li+ ions and IL cations into graphite in these electrolytes at the first cathodic scan in CV measurements. The performances of SEI films formed on the graphite highly depend on the concentration of LiFSI, and a stable Li-ion conducting SEI film can only be formed in the electrolyte containing a high concentration of LiFSI. Li/natural graphite cell using LiFSI-PI13FSI (1:1, by mole) as electrolyte displays high specific capacities (> 360 mAh g−1) and columbic efficiencies (> 99%) after conditioning, except for a large irreversible capacity (139 mAh g−1) observed at the first cycle. Analyses of XPS and electrochemical impedance spectra reveal that a stable Li-ion conducting SEI film, mainly comprising reduction products of FSI− anions (e.g., LiF, LiOH, Li2SO3, and species containing NSO2-, FSO2-, and N−), has been formed on the graphite.
__label__0, Graphene oxide (GO)–ZnO quantum dots (QDs) thin film electrode was prepared by the deposition of ZnO QDs through spin coating over the surface of electrophoretic deposited (EPD) GO on FTO substrate. The interaction of ZnO QDs with GO surface was confirmed by the crystalline, structural and optical properties of GO–ZnO QDs thin film. The prepared GO–ZnO QDs thin film was utilized as working electrode in chemical sensor for the low level detection of ethyl acetate (EA). GO–ZnO QDs thin film electrode based EA chemical sensor exhibited substantially high sensitivity of ~16.035 mA mM−1 cm−2, the limit of detection (LOD) of ~26 µM, limit of quantification (LOQ) of ~80 µM with correlation coefficient (R) of ~0.97879.
__label__0, The abilities of two different estradiol esters to induce ovulation in a timed AI (TAI) synchronization protocol in suckled Bos indicus cows were evaluated. In Experiment 1 (synchrony of ovulation), 31 cows were submitted to an estradiol/progestin-based synchronization protocol (Day 0) and randomly assigned to one of three treatments at the time of progestin removal on Day 8: 0.5 or 1.0 mg of estradiol cypionate (EC) at that time or 1.0 mg of estradiol benzoate (EB) 24 h later (Day 9). To determine the timing of ovulation, ultrasound examinations were performed every 12 h from ear implant removal to 96 h after the removal. Orthogonal comparisons were performed to determine the effects of estradiol ester and the effects of the dose of EC on reproductive parameters. Although neither the E2 ester (P = 0.83) nor the dose of EC (P = 0.55) affected the ovulation rate, the interval from progestin removal to ovulation was longer (P = 0.04) in EC-treated cows (1.0 mg EC = 71.1 ± 3.6 and 0.5 mg EC = 78.0 ± 3.5) than EB-treated cows (EB = 66.0 ± 2.3) was detected. Ovulation in 0.5-mg-EC-treated cows was less synchronous than that in 1.0-mg-EC-treated cows (distribution curves compared using kurtosis). In Experiment 2 (pregnancy per AI; P/AI), 660 cows at two different locations received the same synchronization protocol (n = 361 at Farm A and n = 299 at Farm B) and were treated with estradiol esters as in Experiment 1 [0.5 mg EC (n = 220) or 1.0 mg EC (n = 219) at the time of progestin removal or 1.0 mg EB (n = 221) 24 h later]. The cows were inseminated 54 to 56 h after progestin removal. As applied in the Experiment 1, orthogonal comparisons were performed to evaluate the effect of estradiol ester and the dose of EC on P/AI. Although the type of estradiol ester used did not affect the P/AI (P = 0.57; EB – 43.0% vs. EC – 44.6%), the P/AI was higher (P = 0.03) in cows treated with 1.0 mg EC (55.7%) than in those treated with 0.5 mg EC (38.6%). In summary, the administration of 0.5 mg EC at the time of progestin removal altered the distribution of ovulation and resulted in a lower P/AI when compared with the use of 1.0 mg EC in suckled B. indicus cows. However, the P/AI following the administration of 1.0 mg EC at the time of progestin removal did not differ from that after the administration of 1.0 mg EB 24 h later.
__label__0, The copyright protection of the remote sensing images is becoming a hot research topic in recent years. By considering the characteristics of the binary image, Zhu et al. proposed a new digital watermarking algorithm to protect the copyright of remote sensing images effectively. However, Zhu et al.’s scheme is not secure under the novel attack method proposed in this paper. While keeping the visual quality of the protected original image unchanged, the embedded watermark can be replaced with another watermark if the attacker has the host image carrying the other watermark. Thus the copyright of the original image changes and the copyright protection fail. To overcome the insecurity, a chaos-based improvement measure is proposed, in which the performance is the same as before. Analysis, proof, and experiment show that our methods are feasible and effective.
__label__0, We consider the problem of secure identification: user U proves to server S that he knows an agreed (possibly low-entropy) password w, while giving away as little information on w as possible—the adversary can exclude at most one possible password for each execution. We propose a solution in the bounded-quantum-storage model, where U and S may exchange qubits, and a dishonest party is assumed to have limited quantum memory. No other restriction is posed upon the adversary. An improved version of the proposed identification scheme is also secure against a man-in-the-middle attack, but requires U and S to additionally share a high-entropy key k. However, security is still guaranteed if one party loses k to the attacker but notices the loss. In both versions, the honest participants need no quantum memory, and noise and imperfect quantum sources can be tolerated. The schemes compose sequentially, and w and k can securely be re-used. A small modification to the identification scheme results in a quantum-key-distribution (QKD) scheme, secure in the bounded-quantum-storage model, with the same re-usability properties of the keys, and without assuming authenticated channels. This is in sharp contrast to known QKD schemes (with unbounded adversary) without authenticated channels, where authentication keys must be updated, and unsuccessful executions can cause the parties to run out of keys.
__label__0, Body sensor networks (BSNs) form an important class of devices where lightweight embedded processors and communication systems are tightly coupled with the human body. BSNs can provide researchers, care providers, and clinicians access to tremendously valuable information extracted from data that are collected in users’ natural environments. With this information, one can monitor the progression of a disease, identify its early onset, or simply assess a user’s wellness. One major obstacle to wide BSN deployment is maintaining and managing an enormous amount of sensing data. To address this issue, this chapter reviews existing mining techniques and describes a data-mining approach inspired by techniques in the areas of text and natural language processing. The approach is based on representing sensor readings with a sequence of characters called motion transcripts. Transcripts reduce complexity of the data significantly while maintaining morphological and structural properties of the physiological signals. To further take advantage of the signal’s structure, the data-mining technique focuses on the characteristic transitions in the signals. These transitions are efficiently captured using the concept of n-grams. To facilitate a lightweight and fast mining approach, the overwhelmingly large number of n-grams is reduced via information gain (IG)-based feature selection. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is evaluated in terms of the speed of mining while maintaining an acceptable accuracy in terms of the F-score combining both precision and recall.
__label__0, The lack of biosafety and insufficient delivery efficiency of gene-carriers are still obstacles to human gene therapy. This paper reported highly biocompatible chitosan (CS) functionalized Prussian blue (PB) nanoparticles (designated as CS/PB NPs) for photocontrollable gene delivery. The ultra-small size (∼3 nm), positive charge and high physiological stability of CS/PB NPs make it suitable to be a nonviral vector. In addition, CS/PB NPs could effectively convert the near infrared (NIR) light into heat due to its strong absorption in the NIR region, assisting the uptake of NPs by cells. Upon NIR light irradiation, CS/PB NPs showed superior gene transfection efficiency, much higher than that of free polyethylenimine (PEI). Both in vitro and in vivo experiments demonstrated that CS/PB NPs had excellent biocompatiblity. This work also encourages further exploration of the CS/PB NPs as a photocontrollable nanovector for combined photothermal and gene therapy.
__label__0, Thin-layer chromatography (TLC) and particularly high-performance TLC are established and reliable methods for the separation of even complex (phospho)lipid mixtures. Due to the immense structural complexity of lipids, the focus of this survey is on lipids typically occurring in humans and animals, particularly glycerophospholipids. The individual lipid classes are sorted by increasing complexity and the discussion is focused on physiologically relevant lipid extracts. The most important stationary phases, related solvent systems, and the methods to visualize and quantify lipids on a TLC plate, are discussed. Recent developments, such as detection of separated lipids by mass spectrometry directly on the TLC plate, are described. The advantages of TLC are highlighted and future aspects of TLC-based lipid separations are discussed.
__label__0, Interval timing and working memory are critical components of cognition that are supported by neural oscillations in prefrontal–striatal–hippocampal circuits. In this review, the properties of interval timing and working memory are explored in terms of behavioral, anatomical, pharmacological, and neurophysiological findings. We then describe the various neurobiological theories that have been developed to explain these cognitive processes – largely independent of each other. Following this, a coupled excitatory – inhibitory oscillation (EIO) model of temporal processing is proposed to address the shared oscillatory properties of interval timing and working memory. Using this integrative approach, we describe a hybrid model explaining how interval timing and working memory can originate from the same oscillatory processes, but differ in terms of which dimension of the neural oscillation is utilized for the extraction of item, temporal order, and duration information. This extension of the striatal beat-frequency (SBF) model of interval timing (Matell and Meck, 2000, Matell and Meck, 2004) is based on prefrontal–striatal–hippocampal circuit dynamics and has direct relevance to the pathophysiological distortions observed in time perception and working memory in a variety of psychiatric and neurological conditions.
__label__0, Sea urchin gangliosides have been proved to contain neuritogenic activities, which related to their molecular compositions. This study reports a method utilizing reversed-phase chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry for structure investigation and molecular species determination of the monosialogangliosides from sea urchin Strongylocentrotus nudus. Two types of sulfated and nonsulfated monosialogangliosides were isolated from the sea urchin ovary. In MS2 spectra of both nonsulfated monosialoganglioside and sulfated monosialoganglioside, 2-6 linked sialic acids were identified by the characteristic fragments of 0,4A2-CO2 and 0,2A1. Fragment ions at m/z 139.1 and m/z 169.1 of nonsulfated monosialoganglioside might be characteristic for 8-sulfated sialic acid residue. Retention time of the molecules was effectively used in the characterization of unknown molecules, and molecules that differ in mass by only 0.04 Da were easily differentiated.
__label__0, The samples of Cd0.8−xPbxZn0.2S (x = 0, 0.1–0.8) are prepared by Controlled Co-Precipitation Method. X-ray diffraction studies have confirmed the polycrystalline nature of the samples with Hexagonal and Cubic phases of Wurtzite structure. AC conductivity (σac) measurements of Cd0.8−xPbxZn0.2S samples at different temperatures (between 40 and 300 °C), in the frequency range 5 kHz–20 MHz were made. The results showed that σac obeys the relation σac(ω) = Aωs. The exponent “s” was found to decrease with increase in temperature. Further analysis revealed that, the AC conductivity of the samples follow correlated barrier hopping (CBH) model. The dielectric constant (∊′) and dielectric loss (Tan δ) were observed to (i) increase with the increase in temperature and the increase is higher at lower frequencies and (ii) decrease rapidly at low frequencies and remains almost constant at higher frequencies. The cole–cole plot showed a single semicircle, indicating an equivalent circuit with a single parallel resistor Rg and capacitance Cg network with a series resistance Rs. The plots also show the grain contribution toward AC conductivity. The relaxation frequencies, determined from these plots are used to calculate the activation energies Ea of relaxation process using Log τ versus 103/T plots. The values of Ea for all the studied compounds range from 0.05 to 0.28 eV and the results are explained based on the defects formed due to the addition of Pb into the Cd0.8Zn0.2S compound.
__label__0, Consumers classification is one of the most important task in the retail sector. RFID (Radio Frequency IDentification) - A wireless non-contact technology is made easier to classify the consumers’ in-store behavior, recently. This paper presents an extraction of consumer purchasing behavior using statistical learning theory SVM (Support Vector Machine). In this research, we present our recent investigation outcome on the consumers shopping behavior in a Japanese supermarket using RFID data. We observe that it is possible to express the individual difference of consumers how are they spending time (we call it stay time in this paper) on shopping in a certain area of the supermarket. The contribution of this research is in two folds: we employ a SVM model on dealing with the RFID data of the consumer in-store behaviour firstly, as compared with other forecast model such as linear regression analysis and bayesian network, SVM provides a significant improvement in the forecasting accuracy of purchase behaviour (from 81.49% to 88.18%). Secondly, the kernel trick is adopted inside the SVM theory to choose the appropriate kernel for consumer purchasing behavior extraction.
__label__0, A middle-aged female patient with a depressive disorder presented to a mental hospital because of a 2-month worsening history of headache, dizziness, and nausea. The next morning, she was observed to be sleeping, but was then found dead 1 h later. Postmortem computed tomography and autopsy revealed a large cyst in the right cerebellar hemisphere, hydrocephalus, and transforaminal herniation. Careful observation revealed an approximately 0.4 cm × 0.8 cm slightly grayish discoloration in the cyst wall that was diagnosed as hemangioblastoma based on its histological features.
__label__0, This review provides insight into the implementation of membrane technology in the petroleum industry for treating produced water that is generated from conventional oilfields in upstream and downstream processes. The ever-evolving and increasingly stringent regulatory standards for discharging produced water pose colossal environmental and economic implications because the bulk of this produced water is disposed into the environment. Thus, a review of the implementation of membrane technology for produced water treatment could contribute to the knowledge required for the increased introduction of scaled-up membrane technology in the petroleum industry. This review encompasses the capabilities and performance optimization possibilities of microfiltration, ultrafiltration, nanofiltration, and reverse osmosis membranes. The level of applications that these membrane technologies might attain within the petroleum industry were determined, and these implementations were correlated with the purpose, performance efficiency, treatment system configurations, necessary pretreatment procedures, quality of treated produced water, fouling occurrence and control, foulants, cleaning procedures, raw produced water content, potential challenges with corresponding applied solutions, and economic factors. This review also maps current and future trends and provides a perspective on the outlook for advances in novel membrane applications for produced water treatment.
__label__0, The impact of market orientation on business performance has been extensively studied in a wide range of business environments including those in which the multi-national corporation (MNC) subsidiaries operate. What remains unclear is, however, whether the relationship between market orientation and business performance in the contexts of MNC subsidiaries is linear or whether they would vary with the different configurations of business environments under which the MNC subsidiaries operate. To shed a light on the above issue, we analyzed data collected from a postal survey of 252 UK subsidiaries of MNCs to investigate whether the relationship between market orientation and business performance in the context is moderated by two environmental pressures under which the subsidiaries operate, namely, integration and responsiveness pressures. Evidence to support the moderating effects was identified, and the managerial and research implications were discussed.
__label__0, The present study considers the tribological behavior of polymer composite material prepared using acrylonitrile-butadiene- styrene (ABS) as the base material and micron-sized zinc oxide (ZnO) as the filler. The experiment is carried out in dry condition on block-on-roller multi-tribotester (DUCOM) in room temperature based on Taguchi‟s L27 orthogonal array (OA). Filler content, normal load and sliding speed are considered as the design parameter and coefficient of friction and specific wear rate are considered as the responses. The optimal combination of parameter for minimum friction coefficient and wear rate is determined using Taguchi technique. The optimal parameter combination for minimum coefficient of friction (COF) is found as 5 wt% filler, 35 N load and 120 rpm speed and lowest specific wear rate is obtained at the filler content of 15 wt%, load of 35 N and speed of 120 rpm. Further, analysis of variance (ANOVA) is applied to investigate the influence of design parameter on the coefficient of friction (COF) and specific wear rate of the polymer composite. The results show that the friction coefficient and specific wear rate are significantly influenced by the increase of filler content, load and speed. The most influential factor which affects the tribological properties is normal load followed by filler content and speed. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) observations are also carried out to identify the wear mechanisms for the worn surfaces at optimal parameter combination.
__label__0, Integration with information network not only facilitates Smart Grid with many unprecedented features, but also introduces many new security issues, such as false data injection and system intrusion. One of the biggest challenges in Smart Grid attack detection is how to fuse the heterogeneous data from the power system and information network. In this paper, a novel cyber–physical fusion approach is proposed to detect a Smart Grid attack Bad Data Injection (BDI), by merging both the features of the traffic flow in information network and the inherent physical laws in the power system into a unified model, named as Abnormal Traffic-indexed State Estimation (ATSE). The cyber security incidents, monitored by intrusion detection system (IDS), are quantized to serve as the impact factors that are incorporated into the bad data detection system based on state estimation model in power grid. Hundreds of attack cases are simulated on each transmission line of three IEEE standard systems to compare ATSE with current cyber, physical abnormal detection methods and cyber–physical fusion method, including IDS (Snort), bad data detection algorithm (Chi-square test) and SCPSE. The results indicate that ATSE can improve the detection rate 20% than the Chi-square Test on average, filter most false alarms generated by Snort, and solve the observability problem of SCPSE.
__label__0, As online impulse buying and the consequent cognitive dissonance can be a critical determinant of consumer e-satisfaction, effective post-purchase communication (arguments) to reduce post-purchase cognitive dissonance of impulsive buyers hence warrants further exploration. The current research focuses on the determinants of perceived persuasion of the post-purchase arguments and impulsive buyer e-satisfaction. The purpose of this study is to investigate the persuasion of post-purchase arguments on online impulsive buyer satisfaction. A 2 (number of arguments) × 2 (argument strength) experimental design was employed in order to examine whether the persuasion of arguments (e.g. the number and strength of arguments) would vary upon consumers’ tendency to regret. The results indicated that an increased number of arguments provided after the purchase had a stronger positive effect on e-satisfaction when arguments were strong than when arguments were weak. Such an impact would be less pronounced for low tendency-to-regret consumers than for high tendency-to-regret consumers.
__label__0, Recent advances in object recognition have emphasized the integration of intensity-derived features such as affine patches with associated geometric constraints leading to impressive performance in complex scenes. Over the four previous decades, the central paradigm of recognition was based on formal geometric object descriptions with a focus on the properties of such descriptions under perspective image formation. This paper will review the key advances of the geometric era and investigate the underlying causes of the movement away from formal geometry and prior models towards the use of statistical learning methods based on appearance features.KeywordsComputer VisionObject RecognitionRecognition SystemMachine IntelligenceGeometric InvarianceThese keywords were added by machine and not by the authors. This process is experimental and the keywords may be updated as the learning algorithm improves.
__label__0, Automation in the process industry has seen its implication and implementation since 1960’s. However, during last decades the “trend” of integrating advanced and sophisticated process control techniques like process optimization, soft sensors, MPC, RTO has significantly increased. The reasons that can be attributed to the increase in automation are mainly the implementation cost respect to expected revenues and the wide range of alternatives and suppliers. Unfortunately, the inclusion of automation coupled to either new plants/processes or process retrofitting and revamping neglected often the operator’s characteristics that can be summarized with the human factor term. This paper provides an insight to the extensive use of automation and the associated challenges that an industrial operator faces because of information overload, human machine interface, and automation complexity. The forgotten part, i.e. the human (operator) element, is emphasized with respect to the operations in control room and in the field. The impact of complexity of automation on the nature of operator error is discussed for both normal operating conditions and abnormal situations. A case study reflecting automation failure combined with human error(s) is presented. Finally, a Hierarchal Training Syllabus (HTS) is proposed by using a so called Plant Simulator. The features and relevant benefits of HTS are also outlined.
__label__0, Poor electronic conductivity is one of the biggest obstacles for practical application of lithium titanate as lithium-ion battery anode material. Utilizing the advantages of coating and doping techniques to optimize the conductive and rate performances of lithium titanate was reported in this work. Herein, the effects of various synthetic conditions including calcination temperatures and holding times, lithium overdoses, carbon contents, doping contents and doping elements on phase, primary particles’ size and electrochemical performance were comprehensively investigated. The optimal Li3.98Al0.06Ti4.96O12/C secondary microspheres were synthesized, which possessed high electronic conductivity, tap density, reversible capacity and first columbic efficiency, and excellent rate performances. Furthermore, the synthesized samples were characterized by various techniques.
__label__0, Alkalised aluminas can be used as absorbents for removal of sulphur dioxide from industrial flue gases. Optimum conditions for activating alkalised aluminas have been determined from variations in surface area and porosity (from gravimetric B.E.T. N2 or O2 adsorption). Activation by calcining in air at 600°C gives an approximate composition NaAlO2.
__label__0, Here we report on a high-performance electrochemical sensor for the sensitive detection of acetaminophen based on graphene, which was simultaneously electrochemically reduced and deposited onto a glassy carbon electrode (GCE). The electrocatalytic properties of the electrochemically reduced graphene (ERG) toward the oxidation of acetaminophen were analyzed via cyclic voltammetry (CV), differential pulse voltammetry (DPV) and chronoamperometry. For comparison, various ERG/GCEs were prepared with different electrodeposition cycles to optimize the amount of the ERG. Our experimental results showed that the optimized ERG/GCE possessed robust activity in the electrochemical oxidation of acetaminophen, leading to the development of highly sensitive electrochemical sensor for its detection. An extremely low detection limit of 2.13 nM and a wide linear detection range of from 5.0 nM to 800 μM were achieved via the combination of the amperometric technique and DPV. The developed electrochemical sensor was further employed for the determination of acetaminophen in human serum, with excellent recovery, ranging from 96.08% to103.2%. The fabricated electrochemical sensor also demonstrated high selectivity, stability and reproducibility. The wide linear detection range obtained in this study for the detection of acetaminophen showed strong potential as a promising sensing technique for pharmaceuticals, in terms of quality control and in clinical laboratories for acetaminophen as relates to the determination of hepatotoxicity.
__label__0, The behavior of water in suspension of swelling smectites (Hectorite and Laponite) or a non swelling phyllosilicate (Kaolinite) has been studied in large domains of concentration in solid (C) namely between 0.1% and 20% for the former, or between 10 and 60%, by weight, for the latter. This covers different states: the dilute opalescent suspension, the thixotropic gel and the stiff paste. The spin lattice relaxation rates T−11 of the proton or of the deuteron were measured at different temperatures as a function of the concentration in solid. Linear relationships were obtained when T−11 was plotted against the C. The slope and the intercept of these straight lines were thus experimentally available.
__label__0, An increasing number of studies implicate the GABAAergic system in the pathophysiology of the fragile X syndrome, a frequent cause of intellectual disability and autism. Animal models have proven invaluable in unravelling the molecular mechanisms underlying the disorder. Multiple defects in this inhibitory system have been identified in Fmr1 knockout mice, including altered expression of various components, aberrant GABAA receptor-mediated signalling, altered GABA concentrations and anatomical defects in GABAergic neurons. Aberrations compatible with those described in the mouse model were detected in dfmr1 deficient Drosophila melanogaster, a validated fly model for the fragile X syndrome. Treatment with drugs that ameliorate the GABAAergic deficiency in both animal models have demonstrated that the GABAA receptor is a promising target for the treatment of fragile X patients. Based on these preclinical studies, clinical trials in patients have been initiated.
__label__0, With the dawn of 3D printing technology, patient-specific implant designs are set to have a paradigm shift. A topology optimization method in designing patient-specific craniofacial implants has been developed to ensure adequate load transfer mechanism and restore the form and function of the mid-face. Patient-specific finite element models are used to design these implants and to validate whether they are viable for physiological loading such as mastication. Validation of these topology optimized finite element models using mechanical testing is a critical step. Instead of inserting the implants into a cadaver or patient, we embed the implants into the computer-aided skull model of a patient and, fuse them together to 3D print the complete skull model with the implant. Masticatory forces are applied in the molar region to simulate chewing and measure the stress–strain trajectory. Until recently, strain gages have been used to measure strains for validation. Digital Image Correlation (DIC) method is a relatively new technique for full-field strain measurement which provides a continuous deformation field data. The main objective of this study is to validate the finite element model of patient-specific craniofacial implants against the strain data from the DIC obtained during the mastication simulation and show that the optimized shapes provide adequate load-transfer mechanism. Patient-specific models are obtained from CT scans. The principal maximum and minimum strains are compared. The computational and experimental approach to designing patient-specific implants proved to be a viable technique for mid-face craniofacial reconstruction.
__label__0, Polystyrene resin was covalently functionalized with diethanolamine and then decorated with magnetite nanoparticles by a novel and simple co-precipitation method using iron(II) sulfate as precursor. The products were characterized by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, elemental analysis, X-ray diffraction, Mössbauer spectroscopy, field-emission scanning electron microscopy and vibrating sample magnetometer. Adsorption of p-toluic acid (p-TA) onto magnetite-decorated polystyrene (MAG-PS) was studied and compared with that of diethanolamine-functionalized polystyrene and a commercial anion exchange resin. Results showed that the magnetite nanoparticles with an average size of 20.4 nm were successfully formed on the surface of polystyrene resin, and MAG-PS was exhibited high affinity for the removal of p-TA.
__label__0, One of the most surprising consequences of quantum mechanics is the entanglement of two or more distant particles. In 1935, Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen suggested the first classic two-particle entangled state, and proposed a gedanken-experiment. What was surprising about the EPR state and the outcome of the EPR gedankenexperiment is the following: The value of an observable for neither single particle is determined. However, if one of the particles is measured to have a certain value for that observable, the other one is 100% determined. A simple yet fundamental question was then asked by EPR: “Does a single particle have definite value for an observable, in the course of its travel, regardless of whether we measure it or not?” Quantum mechanics answers: “No.” EPR thought: “It should!” In 1964, J. S. Bell proofed a theorem to show that an inequality must be obeyed by any theories that subject to Einstein's local realism. It is this work that made possible the real-life experimental testing. The progression from gedanken to real experiment in recent years has been greatly aided by the use of Spontaneous Parametric Down Conversion (SPDC). The distinctive entanglement quantum nature of the resulting two-photon state of SPDC has allowed us to demonstrate the “spooky” EPR phenomenon as well as the violation of Bell's inequalities. In addition to reviewing several recent experiments, we introduce a new concept of “biphoton” in this chapter, which may be considered as a different approach to challenge the EPR puzzle.
__label__0, Over the past years, inverse perspective mapping has been successfully applied to several problems in the field of Intelligent Transportation Systems. In brief, the method consists of mapping images to a new coordinate system where perspective effects are removed. The removal of perspective associated effects facilitates road and obstacle detection and also assists in free space estimation. There is, however, a significant limitation in the inverse perspective mapping: the presence of obstacles on the road disrupts the effectiveness of the mapping. The current paper proposes a robust solution based on the use of multimodal sensor fusion. Data from a laser range finder is fused with images from the cameras, so that the mapping is not computed in the regions where obstacles are present. As shown in the results, this considerably improves the effectiveness of the algorithm and reduces computation time when compared with the classical inverse perspective mapping. Furthermore, the proposed approach is also able to cope with several cameras with different lenses or image resolutions, as well as dynamic viewpoints.
__label__0, Interventions for infected and symptomatic walled-off pancreatic necrosis (WOPN) have undergone a paradigm shift away from open surgical necrosectomy toward endoscopic intervention such as transmural drainage and necrosectomy. Recent multicenter studies and evidence-based guidelines have suggested the safety and efficacy of endoscopic transmural necrosectomy (ETN) for management of complicated WOPN. In consideration of the inherent properties and the risks associated with this procedure, ETN should be performed by expert endoscopists who are well-versed in management of necrotizing pancreatitis and supported by a special multidisciplinary team. Although there have been limited data to define the selection criteria and the techniques regarding ETN, this comprehensive review focuses on the current indications, therapeutic outcomes, complications, and controversies of ETN for management of WOPN.
__label__0, This paper aims at extending the port-Hamiltonian approach to a simple class of macro-economic systems by considering the dynamics as the result of the interaction between a limited set of “atomic components,” e.g. inventories, (re)investments, suppliers and demand. Once flow, effort, and “power” (i.e., the cash flow) have been defined, the behaviour of these simple elements is provided, and their interconnection is described in terms of Dirac and contact structures. The first ones, associated to power conservation in physical modelling, correspond to the law of good bookkeeping (Walras׳s Law), in economy. Differently, contact structures appear in the description of irreversible phenomena, and in macro-economy they are employed in a more realistic formulation of the firm (or supplier) behaviour. The firm, in fact, is a profit maximising entity that interconnects the markets associated to the demand and to the input factors in order to create a profit. Several examples are provided to show to effectiveness of the approach.
__label__0, The gas phase reduction of benzaldehyde on copper supported on SiO2 and ZrO2 were carried in the range temperature of 100°C–350°C under hydrogen atmosphere. The products of benzaldehyde hydrogenation (benzylalcohol and toluene) and hydrogenolysis (benzene) were preferentially formed at low/middle and high reaction temperature respectively. The observed selectivities also suggested the existence of bifunctional sites for both the hydrogenation and hydrogenolysis reactions. These sites were believed to be involved as acidic/cationic centers for the adsorption of the oxygenate molecules and metal center for the hydrogenation or hydrogenolysis step.
__label__0, Carbon nanotube (CNT) is an excellent reinforcement to fabricate self-sensing concrete due to its excellent physical and chemical properties, unique hollow tube structure, nanoscale diameter, and high aspect ratio. This chapter discusses CNT-based self-sensing concrete, including its fabrication methods, sensing properties, measurement methods, and applications. Carboxyl CNT and two kinds of surfactants, sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate (NaDDBS) and sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), are used to improve the dispersion of CNT in concrete matrix for fabricating the self-sensing concrete. Two effective signal measurement methods for the CNT-based self-sensing concrete under the polarization effect are discussed. The sensing properties and mechanisms of CNT concrete with different components are investigated under different loadings and environments. A pavement integrated with CNT-based self-sensing concrete is investigated and tested in a roadway for vehicle detection applications. The developed pavement system can achieve real-time vehicle flow detection with a high detection rate and a low false-alarm rate.
__label__0, Molecular imprinting is a polymerization technique that provides synthetic analogs for template molecules. Molecularly imprinted polymers (MIPs) have gained much attention due to their unique properties such as selectivity and specificity for target molecules. In this study, we focused on the development of polymeric materials with molecular recognition ability, so molecular imprinting was combined with miniemulsion polymerization to synthesize self-orienting nanoparticles through the use of an epitope imprinting approach. Thus, l-lysine imprinted nanoparticles (LMIP) were synthesized via miniemulsion polymerization technique. Immunoglobulin G (IgG) was then bound to the cavities that specifically formed for l-lysine molecules that are typically found at the C-terminus of the Fc region of antibody molecules. The resulting nanoparticles makes it possible to minimize the nonspecific interaction between monomer and template molecules. In addition, the orientation of the entire IgG molecule was controlled, and random imprinting of the IgG was prevented. The optimum conditions were determined for IgG recognition using the imprinted nanoparticles. The selectivity of the nanoparticles against IgG molecules was also evaluated using albumin and hemoglobin as competitor molecules. In order to show the self-orientation capability of imprinted nanoparticles, human serum albumin (HSA) adsorption onto both the plain nanoparticles and immobilized nanoparticles by anti-human serum albumin antibody (anti-HSA antibody) was also carried out. Due to anti-HSA antibody immobilization on the imprinted nanoparticles, the adsorption capability of nanoparticles against HSA molecules vigorously enhanced. It is proved that the oriented immobilization of antibodies was appropriately succeeded.
__label__0, Adsorption is an important process for arsenic removal from drinking water supplies. Fixed bed column processes are the preferred mode of operation owing to their simplicity and proven performance. Mathematical models can facilitate the design and optimization of fixed bed adsorbers. For systems exhibiting linear isotherm behavior over the relevant concentration range, their performance can be predicted using models that are amenable to analytical solutions. The predictive utility of an asymptotic solution of the homogeneous surface diffusion model (HSDM) and an approximate solution of a linear driving force model (LDFM) under linear isotherm approximation was evaluated in this study. A previously published pilot test on arsenic breakthrough in a fixed bed adsorber of polymer-supported nanoparticles was modeled. Model parameters were estimated on the basis of some easily determined batch measurements. The pilot test yielded 27,000 bed volumes at 10 μg/L arsenic. The two analytical solutions predicted 24,200 and 27,100 bed volumes. Despite the simplicity of the HSDM and LDFM solutions, their predictions agreed well with the experimental data. These analytical solutions are very straightforward, easy to apply, and provide acceptable modeling power.
__label__0, Provision of training data sets is one of the core requirements for event-based supervised NILM (Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring) algorithms. Due to diversity in appliances’ technologies, in-situ training by users is often required. This process might require continuous user-interaction to ensure that a high quality training data set is provided. Pre-populating a training data set could potentially reduce the need for user-system interaction. In this study, a heuristic unsupervised clustering algorithm is presented and evaluated to enable autonomous partitioning of appliances signature space (i.e. feature space) for applications in electricity consumption disaggregation. The algorithm is based on hierarchical clustering and uses the characteristics of a cluster binary tree to determine the distance threshold for pruning the tree without a priori information. The algorithm determines the partition of a feature space recursively to account for multi-scale nature of the binary cluster tree. Evaluation of the algorithm was carried out using metrics for accuracy and cluster quality (proposed in this study) on a fully labeled data set that was collected and processed in a real residential setting. The algorithm performance in accurate partitioning of the feature space and the effect of different feature extraction techniques were presented and discussed.
__label__0, Chapter 2 focuses, in detail, on the many considerations encountered in lead discovery and lead modification stages of modern rational drug design, as typically practiced in pharmaceutical companies and many academic research laboratories. Examples emphasize how the concepts of organic chemistry are applied during the practice of these key stages of drug discovery. Major topics of discussion are the various sources for lead compounds, including virtual screening, computational methods, and fragment-based approaches, and desired properties of lead compounds. This is followed by an exploration of the objectives, considerations, and methods for subsequently optimizing lead compounds across multiple parameters such as potency, selectivity, and ADME properties. Approaches for the identification of the pharmacophore and for the determination of structure-activity relationships, including quantitative and other computational and molecular graphics-based methods, are discussed, and properties important to oral bioavailability and membrane permeability are described.
__label__0, Between 1997 and 2000, UNESCO organized a conference series on the ethical and legal dimensions of the Information Society, called INFOethics. The article retraces the history of these meetings and UNESCO’s search for global ethical values in the new informational environment. It analyses the different and conflictual discourses within the organisation with regard to universal access to information in a digital environment, and draws on Robin Mansell’s reflections on social imaginaries of the Information Society to explain the divergent positions as results of the paradoxical nature of the Information Society itself. The article thereby contributes to understanding the origins of policy debates on the ethical dimension of the Information Society and the interests of involved policy actors.
__label__0, Steam gasification of biomass undergoes the problem of undesirable CO2 and tar formation. Calcium oxide (CaO), when added to the gasification, could play the dual role of tar reforming catalyst and CO2 sorbent, and thereby produce more hydrogen. However, the deactivation of CaO after carbonation reaction is challenging for continuous hydrogen production and economical perspective. The concept of CaO-based chemical looping gasification (CaO-CLG) plays a key role in overcoming such a challenge. This work primarily aims at studying steam gasification of biomass with the presence of CaO in a uniquely designed chemical looping gasification (CLG) system for hydrogen production with in situ CO2 capture and tar reduction. The effect of solid circulation rates on gas and tar production is studied. A comparison of CaO-CLG, sand-based chemical looping gasification (Sand-CLG) and CaO-based bubbling fluidized bed gasification (CaO-BFBG) is presented mainly focusing on gas and tar production. The maximum H2 and minimum CO2 concentrations as well as maximum H2 yields of 78%, 4.98% and 451.11 ml (STP)/g of biomass, respectively, are obtained at the solid circulation rate of 1.04 kg/m2s. At the same point, the maximum total gas yield was 578.38 ml (STP)/g of biomass and the tar content of 2.48 g/Nm3 was the lowest. 30% higher concentration of H2 and triple yield of H2 were found in CaO-CLG compared to Sand-CLG. Compared to CaO-BFBG, CaO-CLG resulted in 15% higher concentration of H2 and almost double yield of H2. Moreover, the lowest tar content of 2.48 g/Nm3 was obtained for CaO-CLG while the tar content was 68.5 g/Nm3 for Sand-CLG and 26.71 g/Nm3 for CaO-BFBG. CO2 concentration obtained for CaO-CLG also significantly reduced by 13–17% as compared to both Sand-CLG and CaO-BFBG.
__label__0, Catalytic offgas treatment requires adaptation of catalysis to the existing production process and its emissions.
__label__0, The effect of high pressure–thermal processing (HPTP), in the range of 0.1–600 MPa and 100–140 °C for up to 60 min, on colour change and proteolysis of reconstituted skim milk (10% w/w) was investigated. The kinetic results showed that colour change (ΔEab) and proteolysis (determined by chromatography) increased with both increasing temperature and pressure. The apparent reduction of free amino groups in skim milk, indicating sugar conjugation to milk proteins/peptides, was accelerated with increasing temperature, but decelerated with increasing pressure (at constant temperature) at higher temperature. The milk’s colour changed drastically at 400 MPa where most of the milk proteins formed coagulates and left the solutions nearly translucent. Mathematical models describing the kinetics of colour change, proteolysis, and free amino acids reduction as a function of pressure and temperature are proposed.
__label__0, We present three examples of delayed bifurcations for spike solutions of reaction–diffusion systems. The delay effect results as the system passes slowly from a stable to an unstable regime, and was previously analyzed in the context of ODE’s in Mandel and Erneux (1987). It was found that the instability would not be fully realized until the system had entered well into the unstable regime. The bifurcation is said to have been “delayed” relative to the threshold value computed directly from a linear stability analysis. In contrast to the study of Mandel and Erneux, we analyze the delay effect in systems of partial differential equations (PDE’s). In particular, for spike solutions of singularly perturbed generalized Gierer–Meinhardt and Gray–Scott models, we analyze three examples of delay resulting from slow passage into regimes of oscillatory and competition instability. In the first example, for the Gierer–Meinhardt model on the infinite real line, we analyze the delay resulting from slowly tuning a control parameter through a Hopf bifurcation. In the second example, we consider a Hopf bifurcation of the Gierer–Meinhardt model on a finite one-dimensional domain. In this scenario, as opposed to the extrinsic tuning of a system parameter through a bifurcation value, we analyze the delay of a bifurcation triggered by slow intrinsic dynamics of the PDE system. In the third example, we consider competition instabilities triggered by the extrinsic tuning of a feed rate parameter. In all three cases, we find that the system must pass well into the unstable regime before the onset of instability is fully observed, indicating delay. We also find that delay has an important effect on the eventual dynamics of the system in the unstable regime. We give analytic predictions for the magnitude of the delays as obtained through the analysis of certain explicitly solvable nonlocal eigenvalue problems (NLEP’s). The theory is confirmed by numerical solutions of the full PDE systems.
__label__0, Previous research on alcohol dependent patients has shown that variations in eyeblink startle response can be used as an indicator of their emotional responses to alcohol-related stimuli. Postulating that reactions on substance associated stimuli are controlled by either a negative or a positive affective processing system, we expect that abstinent alcoholics react differently (within-group) in the emotional evaluation of alcohol cues. Furthermore, we assumed the startle response to covary with medication response to acamprosate and naltrexone.
__label__0, Fe3O4/Fe2O3 composite hollow spheres were successfully synthesized by simply aging Fe3O4 nanospheres in a FeCl3 solution. A possible formation mechanism for the formation of the composite hollow spheres was suggested involving a coating combined with Kirkendall effect process. The Fe3O4/Fe2O3 composites possess ferromagnetic properties and excellent magnetic responsivity and redispersibility. The charge/discharge results indicated that the composites exhibit enhanced Li ion battery performance comparing with Fe3O4 nanospheres.
__label__0, This paper investigates the roles of illiquidity and credit risk in determining the relations between price volatility of a bond and its trading frequency and trade size based on a large transaction dataset from October 2004 to June 2012. We find a positive relation between volatility and trading frequency and a negative relation between volatility and trade size. Consistent with the prediction of the search-based theory, the relations are much stronger for illiquid and risky bonds. Furthermore, both liquidity and credit risk become more important in times of stress and their effects are reinforcing. Results strongly suggest that search frictions and credit risk are important factors driving the relation between volatility and trading activity in the corporate bond market.
__label__0, This chapter reports the experimental techniques and results obtained in the study of polymeric alloys. Polymeric alloys are formed when two polymers are thoroughly mixed in one body. The lattice model for liquid–polymer mixtures was extended to the mixture of two polymers. A thermodynamic theory, which considers the free energy change on mixing two infinitely long completely separated blocks without consideration of domain morphology, gives for the mean free energy of mixing per segment. It is found that during casting from solution, the presence of solvent at the point of polymer immobilization may influence the type of morphology that is thermodynamically favored. The presence of a solvent preferential for one of the blocks tends to produce the morphology according to the volume fraction of the solvated block. The use of the solubility parameter is restricted to polymer pairs whose interactions are determined solely by dispersion forces. It is observed that in the metastable region, between the binodal and spinodal, phase separation is expected to proceed by nucleation and growth.
__label__0, Although mechanisms underlying acupuncture regulation of pain have been studied by a number of laboratories in many countries, much less is known about its ability to modulate cardiovascular function. In the last two decades, our laboratory has systematically investigated the peripheral and central neural mechanisms underlying acupuncture regulation of blood pressure. These observations account for acupuncture's distant actions and, to some extent, its local actions, with respect to the site of needling. Four fundamental findings have advanced our knowledge. First, point-specific effects of acupuncture underlie its cardiovascular actions. Second, variable regions in the supraspinal and spinal central nervous system that receive input from somatic afferent stimulation account for acupuncture's ability to modulate blood pressure. Thus, depending on the underlying situation, for example, high or low blood pressure, acupuncture modifies autonomic outflow by reducing activity in brain stem nuclei that participate in the primary response. Third, repetitive acupuncture through a molecular mechanism can cause prolonged cardiovascular effects that far outlast acupuncture stimulation. Fourth, there is a range of cardiovascular responsiveness to acupuncture that depends, at least in part, on interactions between neural modulators that synaptically regulate autonomic function in the brain stem. Thus, acupuncture has the capability of profoundly regulating cardiovascular function in patients with disease, for example, hypertension, and the experimental laboratory is directing best approaches to study its actions in humans.
__label__0, Argininosuccinic acid can be prepared enzymatically by the splitting enzyme, which catalyzes the reversible reaction: argininosuccinic acid⇋arginine+fumaric acid. With high concentrations of arginine and fumaric acid, about 75% of the substrates is converted to argininosuccinic acid when equilibrium is reached. For high purity and yield of argininosuccinic acid, it is desirable that the splitting enzyme be free of arginase and fumarase. Pig kidney is an excellent enzyme source for this purpose. The method of estimation, which is highly specific, depends on the observation that cleavage to arginine, and then to urea, proceeds to completion in dilute solution, in the presence of excess splitting enzyme and excess arginase. In procedure, an aliquot containing is added to the incubation mixture of buffer. Splitting enzyme is omitted from one tube to check that the material is free of arginine. The tubes are incubated at 38 ° for 1 hour, 0.5 ml. of 25% trichloroacetic acid is added, and urea is then estimated colorimetrically in 0.5 ml. of the filtrate as in the assay of the splitting enzyme. The results are expressed as micromoles per milligram of the barium salt.
__label__0, The accuracy of simulated cycles in high-level simulators is generally less than the accuracy in detailed simulators for a single-core systems, because high-level simulators simulate the behaviour of components rather than the components themselves as in detailed simulators. The simulation problem becomes more challenging when simulating many-core systems, where many cores are executing instructions concurrently. In these systems data may be accessed from multiple caches and the abstraction of the instruction execution has to consider the dynamic resource sharing on the whole chip. The problem becomes even more challenging in microthreaded many-core systems, because there may exist concurrent hardware threads. Which means that the latency of long latency operations can be tolerated from many cycles to just few cycles. We have previously presented a simulation technique to improve the accuracy in high-level simulation of microthreaded many-core systems, known as Signature-based high- level simulator, which adapts the throughput of the program based on the type of instructions, number of instructions and number of active threads in the pipeline. However, it disregards the access to different levels of the caches on the many-core system. Accessing L1-cache has far less latency than accessing off-chip memory and if the core is not able to tolerate latency, different levels of caches can not be treated equally. The distributed cache network along with the synchronization-aware coherency protocol in the Microgrid is a complicated memory architecture and it is difficult to simulate its behaviour at a high-level. In this article we present a high-level cache model, which aims to improve the accuracy in high-level simulators for general-purpose many-core systems by adding little complexity to the simulator and without affecting the simulation speed.
__label__0, The medical importance of Loxosceles spiders has promoted extensive research on different aspects of their venoms. Most of the reported cases of loxoscelism have occurred in the Americas, and thus, much work has focused on North and South American Loxosceles species. Interestingly, loxoscelism cases are rare in the Mediterranean Basin although Loxosceles rufescens, endemic to the Mediterranean, is an abundant spider even in human-altered areas. Thus, it has been suggested that the venom of L. rufescens could be of less medical relevance than that of its congeners. In this study, we challenge this hypothesis by using multiple approaches to study venom variation in selected species and lineages from the Mediterranean Basin and the Canary Islands. We found that SMase D activity, the key bioactive component of Loxosceles venom, is comparable to American species that are confirmed to have medically relevant bites. The venom protein composition using SDS-PAGE presents some differences among regional Loxosceles taxa in banding pattern and intensity, mostly between the Canarian and L. rufescens lineages. Differences between these species also exist in the expression of different paralogs of the SicTox gene family, with the Canarian species being less diverse. In conclusion, our results do not support the challenged hypothesis, and suggest that venom of these species may indeed be as potent as other Loxosceles species. Pending confirmation of loxoscelism with direct evidence of Loxosceles bites with species identification by professionals, Loxosceles in the Mediterranean region should conservatively be considered medically relevant taxa.
__label__0, The human receptor for interleukin-2 (T-cell growth factor) plays a critical role in the growth of T cells and is required for full expression of the normal immune response. Through hybridoma and recombinant DNA techniques, the interleukin-2 receptor protein has been biochemically characterized and purified; full-length copies of its complementary DNA have been molecularly cloned, sequenced, and expressed in eukaryotic cells; and the receptor gene has been characterized. Transient expression of the interleukin-2 receptor gene occurs during normal T-cell activation, and high- and low-affinity forms of the membrane receptor exist. A naturally occurring, soluble receptor has also been isolated, and its levels in serum correlate with the activity of various diseases. Deregulation of interleukin-2 receptor expression occurs in T-cell leukemias produced by the human T-lymphotropic retroviruses types I and II (HTLV-I and -II) and has been causally linked to the action of the trans-activator (taf) gene of these viruses. Monoclonal antibodies specific for the interleukin-2 receptor are being evaluated in the treatment of HTLV-I-induced leukemias and other conditions involving the inappropriate function of activated T cells.
__label__0, Three new sesquiterpene polyol esters with a beta-dihydroagarofuran skeleton, NW12 (1), NW27 (2), and NW31 (4), together with a known compound, NW30 (3), were isolated from the root bark of Celastrus angulatus. Their chemical structures were elucidated by analyses of MS and NMR spectral data. Preliminary insecticidal and antitumor activities of these compounds were evaluated. Compounds 1-4 showed moderate stomach toxicity against Mythimna separata, and their KD50 values were 673.6, 1121.3, 1720.0 and 548.6 microg/g, respectively. Only 1 and 3 exhibited slight antitumor activity against human breast cancer cell line (Bcap-37), and their IC50 values were all above 50 microM.
__label__0, An experimental model of hyperparathyroidism was developed in the rat to simulate primary hyperparathyroidism in humans. In this model thyroparathyroidectomized (TPTX) or parathyroidectomized (PTX) animals were infused for 6 days with an amount of bovine synthetic parathyroid hormone (PTH)-(1-34) fragment to restore plasma calcium levels to normal (0.7 U X h-1) or with PTH at twofold (1.4 U X h-1) or threefold (2.1 U X h-1) this basal level. Animals infused with 2.1 U X h-1 of bovine PTH-(1-34) exhibited hypercalcemia, hypophosphatemia, a reduction in theoretical renal threshold for phosphate and an increase in 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D plasma levels that were approximately threefold the control value. In addition, these animals demonstrated nephrocalcinosis and changes of bone histology that were typical of the findings in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism. In contrast, in animals infused at 1.4 U X h-1, plasma calcium, phosphate, and theoretical renal threshold for phosphate remained within normal limits, but plasma 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D was increased above control, suggesting that increased activity of 1 alpha-hydroxylase may be the most sensitive index of increased PTH levels. This animal model permits sustained elevation of PTH plasma levels at basal or pathologically elevated levels and should provide an effective means by which to evaluate the consequences of chronic hyperparathyroidism on epithelial function, bone, and other organ systems.
__label__0, Lantibiotics are peptide-derived antibiotics with high antimicrobial activity against pathogenic gram-positive bacteria. They are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified (N. Schnell, K.-D. Entian, U. Schneider, F. Götz, H. Zähner, R. Kellner, and G. Jung, Nature [London] 333:276-278, 1988). The most important lantibiotics are subtilin and the food preservative nisin, which both have a very similar structure. By using a hybridization probe specific for the structural gene of subtilin, spaS, the DNA region adjacent to spaS was isolated from Bacillus subtilis. Sequence analysis of a 4.9-kb fragment revealed several open reading frames with the same orientation as spaS. Downstream of spaS, no reading frames were present on the isolated XbaI fragment. Upstream of spaS, three reading frames, spaB, spaC, and spaT, were identified which showed strong homology to genes identified near the structural gene of the lantibiotic epidermin. The SpaT protein derived from the spaT sequence was homologous to hemolysin B of Escherichia coli, which indicated its possible function in subtilin transport. Gene deletions within spaB and spaC revealed subtilin-negative mutants, whereas spaT gene disruption mutants still produced subtilin. Remarkably, the spaT mutant colonies revealed a clumpy surface morphology on solid media. After growth on liquid media, spaT mutant cells agglutinated in the mid-logarithmic growth phase, forming longitudinal 3- to 10-fold-enlarged cells which aggregated. Aggregate formation preceded subtilin production and cells lost their viability, possibly as a result of intracellular subtilin accumulation. Our results clearly proved that reading frames spaB and spaC are essential for subtilin biosynthesis whereas spaT mutants are probably deficient in subtilin transport.
__label__0, This study was undertaken to determine the effects of pentobarbital anesthesia (50 mg/kg ip) on glucose kinetics and individual tissue glucose utilization in vivo, in chronically catheterized rats. Glucose turnover studies were carried out using [3-3H]glucose as tracer. A transient hyperglycemia and an increased glucose production were observed 3 min after induction of anesthesia. However, 40 min after induction of anesthesia, glycemia returned to the level observed in awake animals, whereas glucose turnover was decreased by 30% as compared with unanesthetized rats. These results are discussed with regard to the variations observed in plasma insulin, glucagon, and catecholamine levels. Glucose utilization by individual tissues was studied by the 2-[1-3H]deoxyglucose technique. A four- to fivefold decrease in glucose utilization was observed in postural muscles (soleus and adductor longus), while in other nonpostural muscles (epitrochlearis, tibialis anterior, extensor digitorum longus, and diaphragm) and other tissues (white and brown adipose tissues) anesthesia did not modify the rate of glucose utilization. A decrease in glucose utilization was also observed in the brain.
__label__0, Much of the research for intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) use in epilepsy has focused on childhood epilepsies and the results have been inconclusive. As evidence for inflammation in epilepsy and epileptogenesis is accumulating, IVIG might have a role to play in adult epilepsy. Our literature review focuses on the purported mechanisms of IVIG, the link between inflammation and the various causes of adult epilepsy and the different steps of epileptogenesis at which inflammation might play a role. We also review the current clinical evidence supporting IVIG as a treatment for epilepsy in the adult population. Though there is interesting theoretical potential for treatment of refractory epilepsy in adults with IVIG, insufficient evidence exists to support its standard use. The question remains if IVIG should still be considered as an end-of-the-line option for patients with epilepsy poorly responsive to all other treatments.
__label__0, Distal nephron segments are heterogenous with respect to adenylate cyclase responses to stimulation with parathyroid hormone (PTH) or calcitonin (CT). We examined effects of these hormones and of 8-(p-chlorophenylthio)-adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (CPTcAMP) on net Ca absorption (Jnet Ca2+, pmol.min-1.mm-1) in rabbit distal nephron segments by in vitro microperfusion technique. We studied three segments, including distal convoluted tubule (DCT), connecting tubule (CNT), and cortical collecting duct (CCD). PTH (1 nM) in bath significantly increased Jnet Ca2+ from 2.28 +/- 0.35 to 9.44 +/- 1.13 in CNT, but did not affect Jnet Ca2+ in DCT or CCD. CT (1 nM) in bath significantly increased Jnet Ca2+ from 1.58 +/- 0.29 to 4.45 +/- 1.01 in DCT, whereas it did not affect Jnet Ca2+ either in CNT or in CCD. CPTcAMP (30 microM) in bath significantly increased Jnet Ca2+ from 2.29 +/- 0.42 to 3.97 +/- 0.43 in DCT and from 2.43 +/- 0.18 to 5.83 +/- 0.37 in CNT, but it did not affect Jnet Ca2+ in CCD. When Na+ was removed from bathing fluid or when 0.1 mM ouabain was added to bath, Jnet Ca2+ in both DCT and CNT significantly decreased. Furthermore, stimulatory effects of PTH and CT on Ca2+ absorption in the respective segments were abolished under these conditions. These results suggest that PTH and CT increase Ca2+ absorption in CNT and DCT, respectively, through cAMP-mediated mechanisms. Presence of a basolateral Na(+)-Ca2+ exchange process seems to be a prerequisite for effects of these hormones. However, exact intracellular mechanisms remain uncertain.
__label__0, The ontogeny of functional sympathetic neural, adrenal medullary, and extra-adrenal components of adrenergic control of heart rate was examined in neonatal rats using a combination of pharmacological and surgical approaches. In the first experiment, bradycardia (-54 beat/min) was observed in unrestrained 2-day Sprague-Dawley rat pups 2.5 h after treatment with the adrenergic neuron blocking agent bretylium tosylate, indicating that sympathetic neural control of basal heart rate is functional in newborn rats. (Two additional experiments examined the possibility that bretylium reduced heart rate through a nonspecific cardiodepressant action.) Heart rate decreased further after administration of the ganglionic blocking agent hexamethonium to 2-, 5-, 8-, and 24-day pups pretreated with bretylium and methylatropine, indicating that neurally controlled release of catecholamines from the adrenal medulla contributes to maintenance of basal heart rate in preweanling rats. In pups pretreated with bretylium, methylatropine, and hexamethonium, additional bradycardia was observed after administration of the beta-adrenergic receptor blocking agent atenolol, suggesting that circulating catecholamines from extra-adrenal sources (e.g., organ of Zuckerkandl) are important in control of heart rate during the neonatal period. A second experiment using adrenalectomized 2-, 8-, and 24-day rats confirmed the relative contribution of adrenal catecholamines to sympathetic control of neonatal heart rate. These results suggest that sympathetic innervation of both the heart and adrenal exerts significant functional control of cardiac rate in newborn rats. Circulating catecholamines released from extra-adrenal chromaffin tissue may also provide significant adrenergic stimulation to the heart during the neonatal period.
__label__0, Free DNA in aqueous solution at physiological pH and ionic strength has double-stranded conformation. Its treatment with heat, acid, or alkali causes the two strands to separate. This is known as “denaturation,” “melting,” or “helix–coil transition,” and is the result of the destruction of hydrogen bonding between the paired bases of the opposite strands. DNA in chromatin is stabilized by interactions with histones and other nuclear proteins. Studies on the stability of DNA in situ therefore provide an insight into chromatin structure, making it possible to discern the double helix-stabilizing interactions. The classical biochemical methods to study DNA denaturation in chromatin are based on the measurements of ultraviolet (UV) light absorption changes during the heating of the sample. The newer calorimetric approach yields data that are difficult to interpret, because the method does not allow discrimination among the heat-induced destruction of nucleic acid–protein bonding from DNA interstrand bond breakage. A flow cytometric (FCM) method for the measurement of DNA in situ sensitivity to denaturation is also developed and is based on the metachromatic property of the dye acridine orange (AO).
__label__0, Radon concentration in basements of old buildings in the oldest towns of Lublin region (Zamość, Chelłm and Sandomierz) was determined. Two techniques were applied: passive (Pico-rad) and alpha-spectrometry for radon progeny concentration measurement (SILENA). It was found that only 7% of results exceeded a dose limit of 400 Bq·m-3, established for old buildings. Radon concentration levels ranged from 0.2 to 5150 Bq·m-3. Distribution of the results satisfied a log-normal relationship. Applying these two methods at the same time, the radioactive equilibrium factor of radon and its progeny was determined. In the underground ways, open for visitors, no higher radon concentration was observed.
__label__0, The sorption properties of three titanosilicate materials, AM-4, ETS-4, and Na2Ti2O3SiO4 . 2H2O of different framework structure and cation exchange capacity were studied towards the uptake of uranium from aqueous systems. Selectivity factors were estimated by determining batch distribution coefficient (Kd) and uranium removal (mg) per gram of the exchanger as a function of contact time, uranium concentration and batch factor (solution volume to exchanger mass ratio). The difference in their ability to take up uranium was discussed by in terms of their framework structure and the determination of their cation exchange capacity. Comparisons to ETS-10 have been made.
__label__0, This chapter describes the dense plasma focus. Dense plasma focus (DPF) is a plasma discharge with plasma densities n > l0l9/cm3 and temperatures of a few kilo electron volts lasting 100 to 150 nsec. The focus is conjectured to be a short but finite two-dimensional z-pinch forming near or at the end of a coaxial plasma accelerator. The dense plasma focus accelerator requires, for optimum operation, simultaneous application of multiple condenser modules. Inclusion of other plasma heating mechanisms and real boundary conditions at the electrodes is needed for a closer fit to the experimental results. The inclusion of simple magnetic fields does inhibit plasma heating but leads to a more stable focused column. The intense neutron production can also be used to supplement the nuclear fission reactor neutron spectrum for medical research. More recently, the application of intense pulsed neutron sources to the assay of fissionable materials in the nuclear safeguards program has seemed possible.
__label__0, The mammalian ribonuclease inhibitor (RI) is a 50‐kDa cytosolic protein that binds to pancreatic‐type ribonucleases with femtomolar affinity and renders them inactive. The biological role of RI is not known in its entirety. The ribonucleases recognized by RI are secreted proteins, whereas RI resides exclusively in the cytosol. Nevertheless, RI affinity has been shown to be the primary determinant of ribonuclease cytotoxicity: Only ribonucleases that evade RI can kill a cell. In addition, the complex of RI with human angiogenin (ANG), which stimulates neovascularization by activating transcription in the nucleus, is the tightest of known RI.ribonuclease complexes. The chapter hypothesizes multiple biological roles for RI: (1) To protect cells from invading ribonucleases, (2) to regulate or terminate the activity of ribonuc leases with known intracellular functions, and ( 3) to monitor the oxidation state of the cell in response to factors such as aging and oxidative stress. RI possesses remarkable affinity for pancreatic‐type ribonucleases, despite their limited sequence identity. The resulting noncovalent complexes are some of the tightest known in biology. Details of the molecular interactions within RI.ribonuclease complexes have been elucidated from structural and biochemical investigations. Moreover, RI is known to be a sentry, protecting mammalian cells against invading ribonucleases, which abound in extracellular fluids. Still, many questions remain regarding the biological activity of RI.
__label__0, Flow monitoring in porous materials is critical for the engineering of paper-based microfluidic bioassays. Here, we present an electrochemical-sensor system that monitors the liquid flow in porous materials without affecting the real flow in paper-strip samples. The developed microfluidic sensor records an amperometric signal created by the solution movement mediated by paper wicking. This approach allows the in situ monitoring of the different hydrodynamic conditions of a specific paper geometry or composition. In addition, the method proposed in this work was employed to characterise the fluid flow of different nitrocellulose paper strips after oxygen-plasma treatment or dextran coating. The dextran fluid-flow modifiers were further used on the paper strip-based assays as means of signal enhancement. The proposed electrochemical-sensing method offers a valuable alternative to existing optical-based monitoring techniques for flow measurement in paper-based microfluidic systems.
__label__0, Dynamic nuclear polarization (DNP) is a technique used to enhance signal intensities in NMR experiments by transferring the high polarization of electrons to their surrounding nuclei. The past decade has witnessed a renaissance in the development of DNP, especially at high magnetic fields, and its application in several areas including biophysics, chemistry, structural biology and materials science. Recent technical and theoretical advances have expanded our understanding of established experiments: for example, the cross effect DNP in samples spinning at the magic angle. Furthermore, new experiments suggest that our understanding of the Overhauser effect and its applicability to insulating solids needs to be re-examined. In this article, we summarize important results of the past few years and provide quantum mechanical explanations underlying these results. We also discuss future directions of DNP and current limitations, including the problem of resolution in protein spectra recorded at 80–100 K.
__label__0, To fulfill the biological activities in living organisms, proteins are endowed with dynamics, robustness and adaptability. The three properties co-exist because they allow global changes in structure to arise from local perturbations (dynamics). Robustness refers to the ability of the protein to incur such changes without suffering loss of function; adaptability is the emergence of a new biological activity. Since loss of function may jeopardize the survival of the organism and lead to disease, adaptability may occur through the combination of two local perturbations that together rescue the initial function. The review highlights the relevancy of computational network analysis to understand how a local change produces global changes.
__label__0, This chapter provides an overview of mechanical separation equipment. It reviews certain equipment categories, such as filtration, settling, floatation and clarification, centrifugation, particle segregation, and classification. The chapter focuses on providing discussions related to fundamental operating principles and equipment specification criteria. There are several types of equipment used for either processing intermediate products, product separation or recovery, for improving feed and product stream qualities and purities, and for pollution control purposes—that separate phases making use of the physical properties differences between chemical components. These equipment categories may be used to separate solids or particulate matter from liquids, slurries, and gases, to concentrate solids by removing moisture through means other than by the direct application of thermal energy, to segregate solid particulate matter by size or density differences, to separate liquids by means other than solvent extraction or distillation. These equipments are broadly classified as mechanical devices or physical separation equipment. They capitalize on properties such as density, viscosity, surface tension, electrostatic forces, and size.
__label__0, Trends in ruptured anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) management have included primary repair, allografts, augmentation and prosthetic devices, autografts, and, recently, tissue engineering and xenografts, but the primary goals remain restoring knee function, stability and normal kinematics to allow patients to return to a preinjury level of activity as early as possible. Autografts, either with hamstring or bone–patellar tendon–bone, remain the treatment of choice in ACL reconstructive surgery, with allografts attracting renewed interest in recent years. The chapter discusses the low popularity of ACL prosthesis and considers alternative solutions from the emerging field of tissue engineering.
__label__0, Mechanical properties of fruit depend on many parameters, including microporosity, cell characteristics and cell wall composition/structure. Recent developments in quantitative MRI provide the possibility of studying fruit through local measurements of multi-exponential T2 reflecting water status and distribution at the subcellular level, and apparent microporosity. In the present study, dynamic mechanical analysis provided Young’s modulus and the damping factor, reflecting elastic and viscous properties of apple tissue, respectively. These measurements were compared to quantitative MRI measurements, biochemical analysis (water, free sugar and alcohol-insoluble solid contents, cell wall composition) and histological measurements, all performed on apple parenchyma tissue. The aim was to investigate the respective contributions of microporosity, intracellular water status and distribution, and chemical composition to mechanical properties characterizing fruit texture quality.
__label__0, Stryphnodendron obovatum Benth. is a Brazilian tree used to treat skin ulceration, promote wound healing, and inhibit the growth of protozoa, including Trypanosoma and Leishmania species. Bioguided fractionation of the ethanol extract of S. obovatum stem bark was performed, and antileishmanial and antioxidant activities of the standardized fractions were analyzed.
__label__0, Traditionally, plant food extracts and phytochemical compounds have been used as remedies against microbial infections with the added benefit that most of them are safe for human consumption. These compounds have been also highlighted as Quorum Sensing Inhibitors (QSI). Quorum Sensing (QS) is a regulatory mechanism that enables bacteria to make collective decisions with respect to the expression of a specific set of genes which can be related to virulence factors. Among all the available studies, most of them use biosensor to demonstrate the role of plant foods and phytochemicals as QSI and only few of these studies focus on their mechanisms of action. This review summarizes the published scientific work on the use of plant food extracts and phytochemicals as QSI, highlighting the techniques used to identify their biological activity and their mechanisms of action.
__label__0, Cardiotoxicity refers to toxic effects to the hearts, which results in heart muscle damage or alterations in the conduction pathways that allow the electrical impulses to be transmitted to the contractile units. The heart becomes weaker and is not so efficient in pumping, and therefore circulating blood.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The paper contains results of the experimental study on atomization process of aqueous solutions of glycerol and aqueous solutions of glycerol–polyacrylamide (Rokrysol WF1) in an ultrasonic inhaler. In experiments the different concentration aqueous solutions of glycerol and glycerol–polyacrylamide have been tested. The results have been obtained by the use of laser diffraction technique. The differences between characteristics of ultrasonic atomization for test liquids have been observed. The analysis of drop size histograms shows that the different sizes of drops have been formed during atomization process. The present study confirmed the previous reports which suggested that the drops size changes with the increase in viscosity of solution changes in spray characteristics were also observed. It has been shown that the shear and extensional viscosities affect the process of atomization.
__label__0, We conduct a real effort experiment in which performance is not monitored and participants are paid according to their reported performance. Participants are paid according to a piece rate and a winner-take-all tournament and then select between the two schemes before performing the task one more time. Competition increases dishonesty and lowers output when the payment scheme is exogenously determined. Participants with a higher propensity to be dishonest are more likely to select into competition. However after selection, we find no output difference between piece rate and tournament. This is attributable to a handful of honest individuals who select competition.
__label__0, Di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) is present in many beauty and medical products. Human exposure estimates range from 0.007–0.01 mg/kg/day in the general population and up to 0.233 mg/kg/day in patients taking DBP-coated medications. Levels of phthalates tend to be higher in women, thus, evaluating ovarian effects of DBP exposure is of great importance. Mice were given corn oil (vehicle) or DBP at 0.01, 0.1, and 1000 mg/kg/day (high dose) for 10 days to test whether DBP causes ovarian toxicity. Estrous cyclicity, steroidogenesis, ovarian morphology, and apoptosis and steroidogenesis gene expression were evaluated. DBP exposure decreased serum E2 at all doses, while 0.1DBP increased FSH, decreased antral follicle numbers, and increased mRNA encoding pro-apoptotic genes (Bax, Bad, Bid). Interestingly, mRNAs encoding the steroidogenic enzymes Hsd17b1, Cyp17a1 and Cyp19a1 were increased in all DBP-treated groups. These novel findings show that DBP can disrupt ovarian function in mice at doses relevant to humans.
__label__0, We proposed ICA-AROMA as a strategy for the removal of motion-related artifacts from fMRI data (Pruim et al., 2015). ICA-AROMA automatically identifies and subsequently removes data-driven derived components that represent motion-related artifacts. Here we present an extensive evaluation of ICA-AROMA by comparing our strategy to a range of alternative strategies for motion-related artifact removal: (i) no secondary motion correction, (ii) extensive nuisance regression utilizing 6 or (iii) 24 realignment parameters, (iv) spike regression (Satterthwaite et al., 2013a), (v) motion scrubbing (Power et al., 2012), (vi) aCompCor (Behzadi et al., 2007; Muschelli et al., 2014), (vii) SOCK (Bhaganagarapu et al., 2013), and (viii) ICA-FIX (Griffanti et al., 2014; Salimi-Khorshidi et al., 2014), without re-training the classifier. Using three different functional connectivity analysis approaches and four different multi-subject resting-state fMRI datasets, we assessed all strategies regarding their potential to remove motion artifacts, ability to preserve signal of interest, and induced loss in temporal degrees of freedom (tDoF). Results demonstrated that ICA-AROMA, spike regression, scrubbing, and ICA-FIX similarly minimized the impact of motion on functional connectivity metrics. However, both ICA-AROMA and ICA-FIX resulted in significantly improved resting-state network reproducibility and decreased loss in tDoF compared to spike regression and scrubbing. In comparison to ICA-FIX, ICA-AROMA yielded improved preservation of signal of interest across all datasets. These results demonstrate that ICA-AROMA is an effective strategy for removing motion-related artifacts from rfMRI data. Our robust and generalizable strategy avoids the need for censoring fMRI data and reduces motion-induced signal variations in fMRI data, while preserving signal of interest and increasing the reproducibility of functional connectivity metrics. In addition, ICA-AROMA preserves the temporal non-artifactual time-series characteristics and limits the loss in tDoF, thereby increasing statistical power at both the subject- and the between-subject analysis level.
__label__0, This chapter reveals that rhythms are advantageous for survival of the organism. There is an optimal time of the day for animals to forage for food. Likewise, the safest time to be active is when predators are not active. A biological mechanism that synchronizes and coordinates internal physiological events with the external environment prepares the organism for predictable environmental changes, especially when an animal is removed from direct external cues, as when it is sleeping in its burrow. Furthermore, all of the energetic requirements of the body cannot be simultaneously fulfilled, and peaks in energetic processes must be partitioned throughout the day. Circadian rhythms permit bodily functions to assume an appropriate temporal niche. From an evolutionary and adaptive perspective, animals have evolved to synchronize circadian rhythms with the environment to promote survival.
__label__0, This chapter discusses the cathode used in a solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC). The cathode possesses sufficient electronic conductivity to support electron flow in the oxidizing environment at the operating temperature. In general, maximum possible cathode conductivity is desirable to minimize ohmic losses. The processing conditions of each fabrication method are tailored to produce the required cathode structure. The cathode should have sufficient catalytic activity, thus low polarization, for the electrochemical reduction of the oxidant. In addition to these requirements, other desirable properties for the SOFC cathode are (1) high strength and toughness, (2) fabricability, and (3) low cost. The main function of the cathode is to provide reaction sites for the electrochemical reduction of the oxidant. Thus, the cathode material should be stable in the oxidant oxidizing environment and have sufficient electronic conductivity and catalytic activity for the oxidant gas reaction at the operating conditions. Because the SOFC operates at high temperatures (600º to 1000ºC), the cathode must be chemically and thermally compatible with the other cell components, from room temperature to those operating temperatures and to the even higher temperatures at which the fuel cell is fabricated. The key requirements for the anode in the SOFC are dependent on the following factors: stability, conductivity, compatibility, thermal expansion, porosity, and catalytic activity. Noble metals such as platinum and palladium are unsuitable for practical applications because of prohibitive cost. Many doped oxides are available, but only a few meet the requirements of thermal expansion match and compatibility with the electrolyte. Currently, doped lanthanum manganite (LaMnO3) is most commonly used.
__label__0, To better understand the contribution of the dorsal system to word reading, we explored transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) effects when adults with developmental dyslexia received active stimulation over the visual extrastriate area MT/V5, which is dominated by magnocellular input. Stimulation was administered in 5 sessions spread over two weeks, and reading speed and accuracy as well as reading fluency were assessed before, immediately after, and a week after the end of the treatment. A control group of adults with developmental dyslexia matched for age, gender, reading level, vocabulary and block-design WAIS-III sub-tests and reading level was exposed to the same protocol but with sham stimulation. The results revealed that active, but not sham stimulation, significantly improved reading speed and fluency. This finding suggests that the dorsal stream may play a role in efficient retrieval from the orthographic input lexicon in the lexical route. It also underscores the potential of tDCS as an intervention tool for improving reading speed, at least in adults with developmental dyslexia.
__label__0, Excessive UV-B radiation by sunlight produces inflammatory and oxidative damage of skin, which can lead to sunburn, photoaging, and cancer. This study evaluated whether nanoencapsulation improves the protective effects of rice bran oil against UVB radiation-induced skin damage in mice. Lipid-core nanocapsules containing rice bran oil were prepared, and had mean size around 200 nm, negative zeta potential (∼−9 mV), and low polydispersity index (<0.20). In order to allow application on the skin, a hydrogel containing the nanoencapsulated rice bran oil was prepared. This formulation was able to prevent ear edema induced by UVB irradiation by 60 ± 9%, when compared with a hydrogel containing LNC prepared with a mixture of medium chain triglycerides instead of rice bran oil. Protein carbonylation levels (biomarker of oxidative stress) and NF-κB nuclear translocation (biomarker of pro-inflammatory and carcinogenesis response) were reduced (81% and 87%, respectively) in animals treated with the hydrogel containing the nanoencapsulated rice bran oil. These in vivo results demonstrate the beneficial effects of nanoencapsulation to improve the protective properties of rice bran oil on skin damage caused by UVB exposure.
__label__0, The chapter presents a study related to fluorescent imaging of mitochondrial nitric oxide in living cells. Nitric oxide (NO) is an important modulator of mitochondrial respiration and membrane potential. The presence of a mitochondrial NO synthase (mtNOS) has been described in the inner membrane of isolated rat liver mitochondria. However, because NO is a highly diffusible, short-lived (0.5–5 sec), highly reactive radical, its determination poses considerable technical problems. In fact, until a while ago, the production of NO by mtNOS has only been indirectly characterized in broken mitochondria using techniques, such as spectroscopy or the citrulline assay. Two novel fluorometric detection systems have been developed allowing the demonstration of the presence of NO within mitochondria via microscopy. 4,5-Diaminofluorescein diacetate (DAF-2/DA) permits the direct detection of NO production, and the MitoTracker allows the detection of mitochondrial potential changes. Thus, whereas DAF-2/DA can be used as a semiquantitative method of evaluation of NO production in living cells, the combination of these two systems provides an ideal tool for the spatial and direct visualization of NO within mitochondria. A variety of products from Molecular Probes allow the detection of mitochondrial activity.
__label__0, The use of a commonly available planar reflector such as a plane mirror can boost the energy output of a bifacial solar panel effectively without increasing much in the overall cost. However, the actual energy yield from the solar panel in th
__label__0, The aim of this study was to determine the effect of dietary supplementation with flax and alfalfa sprouts on fatty acid, tocopherol and phytochemical contents of rabbit meat. Ninety weaned New Zealand White rabbits were assigned to three dietary groups: standard diet (S); standard diet + 20 g/d of alfalfa sprouts (A); and standard diet + 20 g/d of flax sprouts (F). In the F rabbits the Longissimus dorsi muscle showed a higher thio-barbituric acid-reactive value and at the same time significantly higher values of alpha-linolenic acid, total polyunsaturated and n-3 fatty acids. Additionally n-3/n-6 ratio and thrombogenic indices were improved. The meat of A rabbits showed intermediate values of the previously reported examined parameters. Dietary supplementation with sprouts produced meat with a higher total phytoestrogen content.
__label__0, The efficient use of railway rolling stock is an important objective pursued in a railway agency or company because of intensive capital investment in rolling stock. Daily rolling stock assignment assigns appropriate equipment to cover a given set of utilization paths in the utilization schedules while considering practical requirements, such as maintenance, depot capacity, and circulation rules. Experienced railway practitioners can generally produce a feasible assignment plan; however, this manual process is time consuming, and an optimal solution is not guaranteed. This research develops an exact optimization model to improve the efficiency in rolling stock usage with consideration of all necessary regulations and practical constraints. Compared to the manual process, a hybrid heuristic process is also developed to improve solution quality and efficiency. Empirical results demonstrate that the heuristic process can successfully increase the efficiency of rolling stock use by about 5% and significantly reduce the solution time from 3 h to 11.2 s. Using this decision support tool can help railways with similar characteristics to improve the efficiency in rolling stock usage and productivity in rolling stock assignment process.
__label__0, In this work, a 5754 Al alloy and T40 were joined in butt configuration by focusing a fiber laser onto the titanium side, close to the weld centerline (offset). The keyhole was made entirely of titanium, and the fusion of the aluminum was achieved by heat conduction. Neither filler metal nor chamfering was necessary to produce a sound, dissimilar weld. The assembly was free from porosity and spatter defects. The mechanical properties were satisfactory. The energy input, the laser offset, and their interaction had statistically significant effects on the ultimate tensile strength. The findings of this investigation prove the robustness and suitability of fiber laser offset welding for Al–Ti weld fabrication.
__label__0, Climate change adaptation is a rising global issue and has become the primary issue for transnational orga
__label__0, The paper focuses on historic timber trusses to characterize the original failure mode and identify suitable repair techniques. Four full-scale trusses with different spans (6 and 12 m) and assembly modes for the king-post to tie beam connection (close or open node) were subjected to symmetric load carrying test up to failure. For all assemblies the collapse advantageously occurred because of heel shear failure in the rafter to tie beam node with subsequent structure capability to support additional loads thank to the connecting metal devices. The king post to tie beam node configuration was found to influence the ultimate load value and the overall stiffness of the structure without changing the original mode of collapse.
__label__0, Over 5 million Americans have dementia, most commonly due to Alzheimer's disease It is important to differentiate dementia from normal aging, and characteristics of the cognitive dysfunction as well as associated symptoms will help distinguish one form of dementia from another. Identifying potentially treatable forms of memory loss is also critical. The incidence of dementia increases with age, and research into potential treatments for dementia are ongoing and critical given the increasing proportion of the population age 65 and older.
__label__0, Ciglitazone is a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) agonist and improves insulin sensitivity. Apart from antidiabetic activity, ciglitazone elicits inhibitory effects on cancer cell growth. Recent studies indicate that glucose metabolism plays a key role in malignant diseases. Significant increase in glucose consumption is found under malignant conditions. The role of ciglitazone in cancer cell death in relation to glucose metabolism is unclear. Thus we designed this study to determine the effect of ciglitazone on glucose metabolism. First, we found ciglitazone inhibited glucose uptake in ovarian cancer cells but did not affect hexokinase activity. Ciglitazone decreased expression levels of glucose transporter-1 (GLUT-1). We also found that ciglitazone and siGLUT-1 treatments induced cell death in ovarian cancer cells. We identified that ciglitazone decreased expressions of specific protein 1 (Sp-1) and β-catenin while increased phosphorylation levels of AMP-activated protein kinase. In vivo study using NOD-scid IL2Rgammanull mice confirmed that ciglitazone significantly decreased ovarian cancer mass transplanted onto the back of the mice. Finally, we determined GLUT-1 expressions in patients with serous type ovarian cancer and found that GLUT-1 expression was markedly increased in cancer patients and expression level was proportional to the degree of cancer stages. These results suggest that ciglitazone induces apoptosis in ovarian cancer cells by the inhibition of GLUT-1 and provides a possible therapeutic effect of ciglitazone as an adjuvant drug in the treatment of ovarian cancer.
__label__0, The superior colliculus, a laminar structure involved in the retinotopic mapping of the visual field, plays a cardinal role in several cortical and subcortical pathways of the saccadic system. Although the selection of saccade targets has long been thought to be mainly the product of cortical processes, a growing body of evidence hints at the implication of the superior colliculus in selection processes independent from cortical inputs, capable of producing saccades at latencies incompatible with the cortical pathways. This selection ability could be produced firstly by the lateral connections between the neurons of its maps, and secondly by its interactions with the midbrain basal ganglia, already renowned for their role in decision making.
__label__0, La fampridine est un traitement symptomatique des troubles de la marche chez les patients atteints de sclérose en plaques (SEP). Son efficacité, au long terme reste discutée.
__label__0, To compare sociodemographic and pregnancy characteristics of pregnancy-related deaths identified by the direct sisterhood and the verbal autopsy with household mortality (HHVA) methods.
__label__0, Mesenchymal tumors of the kidney, although infrequently encountered, constitute a wide spectrum of lesions. The relative rarity of these tumors means that in some instances criteria to differentiate between benign and malignancy are currently incompletely defined. More recently a variety of novel stromal tumors have been characterized, with hemangioblastoma and myopericytoma being notable examples. The identification of a subset of spindle cell tumors as synovial sarcoma, on the basis of the presence of a characteristic genetic translocation, has facilitated the correct classification of a number of tumors previously labeled as fibrosarcoma, malignant fibrous histiocytoma, or more recently cystic embryonal sarcoma. In this review, we have detailed the spectrum of both benign and malignant stromal tumors of the adult kidney, described the gross and microscopic features, with an emphasis on immunoexpression and the differential diagnosis of each tumor type.
__label__0, In studying the iteration of random functions, the usual situation is to assume time-homogeneity of the process and some average contractivity condition. In this paper we change both of these conditions by investigating the iteration of time-dependent random functions where all the functions converge (as the iterations proceed) uniformly to the identity. The behaviour of the iterates is remarkably different from the standard contractive situation. In particular, we show that for affine maps in R d the “chaos game” trajectory converges almost surely. This is in stark contrast to the usual situation where the trajectory moves ergodically throughout the attractor.
__label__0, Bioenergy crops have the potential to enhance soil carbon (C) pools from increased aggregation and the physical protection of organic matter; however, our understanding of the variation in these processes over heterogeneous landscapes is limited. In particular, little is known about the relative importance of soil properties and root characteristics for the physical protection of particulate organic matter (POM). We studied short-term (3-year) changes in aggregation and POM-C pools under three cropping systems (switchgrass, a triticale/sorghum double crop, continuous corn) replicated across five landscape positions along a topographic gradient in Iowa, USA. We isolated POM associated with three aggregate fractions (> 2 mm, 0.25–2 mm, and 0.053–0.25 mm) to determine the relative influence of ten soil and three root properties. Aggregation increased in all cropping systems and was greatest under switchgrass; however cropping system effects were not consistent among positions. Total soil organic C stocks did not change, but C within both physically protected (iPOM-C) and unprotected (frPOM) C pools increased. Shifts in iPOM-C were concurrently influenced by soil properties and root traits. Soil texture had the strongest influence (65% relative importance), with finer-textured soils showing greater gains in total iPOM-C, while greater root biomass influenced (35% relative importance) accrual of total iPOM-C. Aggregate fractions varied in their iPOM-C response to soil and root variables, however individual pools similarly showed the importance of soil texture and root biomass and annual root productivity (BNPP). Changes in frPOM-C were strongly correlated with BNPP. Our data suggest that macroaggregate formation drives short-term responses of POM, which are influenced by both soil and root system properties. Crops that maximize root biomass and BNPP will lead to the largest increases in protected soil C stocks. However, C storage rates will vary across landscapes according to soil conditions, with texture as the primary influence.
__label__0, A series of tetramethyl-(Cp′) and pentamethylcyclopentadienyl (Cp*) metal complexes (η5-C5Me4R)ZrCl2LCO (R = H(1), Me(2)) and (η5-C5Me4R)HfCl2LCO (R = H(3), Me(4)) where LCO is a bifunctional β-diketiminate ligand [2-(MeO)–C6H4)]NC(Me)CHC(Me)N[2-(MeO)–C6H4)] (LCO) were prepared from corresponding tetramethyl- and (pentamethylcyclopentadienyl)metal trichlorides and the lithium precursor LiLCO. All complexes were characterized by their melting point, elemental analysis, 1H and 13C NMR spectroscopy, IR spectroscopy. In addition their solid-state structures were determined by X-ray diffraction techniques. In all cases, a pseudo-tetragonal pyramidal coordination environment of the metal centre with cyclopentadienyl ligand on the top and nearly isobidentately bonded nitrogen atoms of the chelating LCO ligand in an open η5-fashion was observed. The oxygen atoms positioned at the diketiminate periphery remained uncoordinated to transition metal in the solid phase as well as in solution.
__label__0, L’administration de nutriments prébiotiques (fructanes) diminue la glycémie dans différents modèles murins d’obésité et chez l’homme, un effet ayant abouti à une allégation de santé par l’EFSA (Autorité européenne de sécurité des aliments). Le mécanisme moléculaire impliqué dans cet effet demeure inconnu. Nous avons testé l’hypothèse d’un effet potentiel de l’inuline sur la digestion des glucides alimentaires et avons mis en relation cet effet avec la modulation du microbiote intestinal.
__label__0, While regulatory frameworks governing methadone maintenance therapy (MMT) require highly regimented treatment programs that shape treatment outcomes, little research has examined the effects of regulatory changes to these programs on those receiving treatment, and located their experiences within the wider context of social-structural inequities. In British Columbia (BC), Canada, provincial regulations governing MMT have recently been modified, including: replacing the existing methadone formulation with Methadose® (pre-mixed and 10 times more concentrated); prohibiting pharmacy delivery of methadone; and, prohibiting pharmacies incentives for methadone dispensation. We undertook this study to examine the impacts of these changes on a structurally vulnerable population enrolled in MMT in Vancouver, BC. Qualitative interviews were conducted with 34 people enrolled in MMT and recruited from two ongoing observational prospective cohort studies comprised of drug-using individuals in the six-month period in 2014 following these regulatory changes. Interview transcripts were analysed thematically, and by drawing on the concept of ‘structural vulnerability’. Findings underscore how these regulatory changes disrupted treatment engagement, producing considerable health and social harms. The introduction of Methadose® precipitated increased withdrawal symptoms. The discontinuation of pharmacy delivery services led to interruptions in MMT and co-dispensed HIV medications due to constraints stemming from their structural vulnerability (e.g., poverty, homelessness). Meanwhile, the loss of pharmacy incentives limited access to material supports utilized by participants to overcome barriers to MMT, while diminishing their capacity to assert some degree of agency in negotiating dispensation arrangements with pharmacies. Collectively, these changes functioned to compromise MMT engagement and increased structural vulnerability to harm, including re-initiation of injection drug use and participation in high-risk income-generating strategies. Greater attention to the impacts of social-structural inequities on MMT engagement is needed when modifying MMT programs, especially as other jurisdictions are adopting similar changes. Comprehensive environmental supports should be provided to minimize adverse outcomes during transitional periods.
__label__0, Optical emission spectra of the plasma produced by 1.06-µm Nd:YAG laser irradiation of a potassium titanyl phosphate (KTP) crystal were recorded and analyzed in a time- and spatially resolved manner. The composition and evolution of the plasma plume were studied in low vacuum conditions. Emission lines associated with Ti(I), Ti(II) and K(I) were identified in the plasma. The delay times of emission peaks for the ablated species were investigated as a function of the observation distance from the target surface, and the velocities of these species were derived accordingly. Two emission peaks corresponding to a fast and a slow component of ablated Ti(I) were observed by optical time-of-flight spectroscopy. The origins of the two peaks and a possible mechanism for the laser ablation are discussed.
__label__0, The gas sensing is an environmental topic representing a strong interest for this century. Whatever the purpose, industrial emissions control or indoor quality air supervision, the challenge remains to produce effective low costs detection systems adapted to the atmospheric conditions. This study focuses on the estimation of the microwaves transduction technique viability for the toluene detection. Sensors are based on zeolites powders, deposited on coplanar structures adapted to the microwave frequency range.
__label__0, Successive dilution enthalpies ( Δ H ( m N - 1 → m N ) ) of glycidol enantiomers (R-(+)-glycidol, S-(−)-glycidol) and the racemate (R/S-(±)-glycidol) in (dimethylformamide (DMF) + water) mixtures rich in water (mass fractions of DMF, wDMF = 0 to 0.25) have been determined respectively by isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC) at T = 298.15 K. The corresponding homotactic enthalpic pairwise interaction coefficients (hXX) of each compound have been evaluated from the framework of McMillan–Mayer theory. Across the studied composition range of (DMF + water) mixtures the hXX values of these compounds are all positive, and decrease gradually with the mass fraction of DMF by the order hRR > hRS ≈ hMM > hSS > 0 (M represents the racemate R/S-(±)-glycidol, and hRS is the estimated value for the heterochiral pair R–S). The positive values of hXX indicate that pairwise interactions of these compounds are endothermic and unfavourable from the point of view of enthalpy. The interaction of S–S pair is considered to be slightly stronger than M–M, R–S and R–R pairs since the former absorbs less heat than the latter in pairwise interactions. The addition of cosolvent (DMF) is in favour of pairwise interactions of these compounds in the mixtures rich in water.
__label__0, This study aimed to assess the local anesthetic effects of chlorpheniramine in spinal anesthesia and is compared with mepivacaine, a widely-used local anesthetic. Spinal anesthesia with chlorpheniramine and mepivacaine was constructed in a dosage-dependent fashion after the rats were injected intrathecally. The spinal block effect of chlorpheniramine in motor function, nociception, and proprioception was compared to that of mepivacaine. We revealed that intrathecal chlorpheniramine and mepivacaine exhibited a dose-dependent spinal block of motor function, nociception, and proprioception. On the 50% effective dose (ED50) basis, the ranks of potencies in motor function, nociception, and proprioception were chlorpheniramine>mepivacaine (P<0.01 for the differences). On the equianesthetic basis (ED25, ED50, ED75), the duration of spinal anesthesia with chlorpheniramine was greater than that of mepivacaine (P<0.01 for the differences). Instead of mepivacaine, chlorpheniramine produced a greater duration of sensory blockade than the motor blockade. These preclinical data showed that chlorpheniramine has a better sensory-selective action over motor block to produce more potent and long-lasting spinal anesthesia than mepivacaine.
__label__0, Cu–Al alloys with Al contents of 1, 2, 4, and 6 wt.% were deformed using a multi-axial compression (MAC) technique to obtain ultrafine-grained (UFG) and nanocrystalline (NC) structures. The effects of stacking fault energy (SFE) on the microstructural evolution and mechanical properties were investigated. After multiple MAC passes, homogeneous and equilibrium microstructures were achieved. The grain refinement mechanism mainly consists of conventional dislocation subdivisions, twinning and shear banding. Reducing SFE promotes deformation twinning and shear banding and thus can reduce the final equilibrium grain size. After obtaining UFG/NG Cu–Al alloys (<200 nm), further deformation results in different microstructures for four Cu–Al alloys, indicating that a transition from de-twinning dominant mechanism to twinning dominant mechanism exists in UFG/NG Cu–Al alloys, occurring at a critical SFE in the range of 25 mJ m− 2 (2 wt.% Al) and 13 mJ m− 2 (4 wt.% Al). During deformation, the migration mechanism of dissociated incoherent twin boundaries (ITBs) was analyzed and the motion of ITBs was believed to be a way for twinning or de-twinning. In addition, hardness tests indicate that with increasing the strain the micro-Vickers hardness for the four alloys increased dramatically initially and then reached saturation at a relative stable value with further increasing the strain. The study suggests that gentle-MAC processing (at a low strain rate and room temperature) is a relative effective method to produce nano-grained materials (< 100 nm) with ultra-low-SFE (<10 mJ m− 2).
__label__0, Les émotions négatives ressenties au cours de la période diurne, telles que la tristesse, la colère, le regret et le stress, semblent avoir des effets néfastes sur les caractéristiques du sommeil. Par ailleurs, les travaux sur la privation de sommeil suggèrent que le sommeil paradoxal influence la régulation émotionnelle au réveil. Le but de la présente étude était d’explorer les effets d’un état émotionnel (EE), en particulier négatif, induit au coucher, sur la période de sommeil qui suit, ainsi que sur la réactivité émotionnelle au réveil.
__label__0, By using examples from fixed-bed and slurry bubble column reactors using supported cobalt Fischer-Tropsch catalysts, the influence of key process parameters on reactor performance is illustrated. It is shown that there is a strong coupling between reaction kinetics, intraparticle / interphase mass-transfer and reactor characteristics which, together with other process parameters, will determine the overall reactor performance.
__label__0, Visible-light-absorbing compounds that generate reactive oxygen species in water are needed to maximize the degradation rate of organic dye under incident solar radiation. In this study, hollow ZnFe2O4 and ZnFe2O4/TiO2 composites were prepared by coprecipitation and microemulsion method, respectively. The structure and morphology of as-prepared samples as well as their magnetic properties and photocatalytic degradation activities on methyl orange and rhodamine B solution were investigated in detail. The results show that ZnFe2O4/TiO2 composites have excellent performance on photocatalytic degradation of dye in wastewater under visible light. Especially, the photocatalytic degradation activity of the composite with ω TiO 2 25% on dye in wastewater was comparable to that of pure titanium dioxide (under UV light). Also, all samples show good stability, and are easy to recycle. This work demonstrates a cost-effective, recyclable, environment-friendly and simple way to directly degrade organic dye in wastewater by means of photocatalysis.
__label__0, New Cu-Zn bimetallic compounds containing Cu(I) and Zn(II) associated with cyanide, ammonia or ethylenediamine ligands, have been used as precursors for the preparation of methanolization catalysts. Air calcination at 450 °C leads to the formation of CuO and ZnO and H2 treatment at 300°C to quantitative reduction of copper. The copper surface area is similar to a coprecipitated sample, but the catalytic activity for the formation of methanol from CO + CO2 + H2 mixtures is lower. The sample originated from ammonia containing precursor, displays no metallic area and no activity and shows Zn(CN)2 and ZnCN2 after the catalytic test, disclosing the presence and the poisonous effect of remaining cyano group ; a calcination at higher temperature is necessary for catalytic activity.
__label__0, The metric dimension of a graph G is the minimum size of a subset S of vertices of G such that all other vertices are uniquely determined by their distances to the vertices in S . In this paper we investigate the metric dimension for two different models of random forests, in each case obtaining normal limit distributions for this parameter.
__label__0, Novel therapeutic options beyond hormone ablation and chemotherapy are urgently needed for patients with advanced prostate cancer. Tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are an attractive option as advanced prostate cancers show a highly altered phosphotyrosine proteome. However, despite favorable initial clinical results, the combination of the TKI dasatinib with docetaxel did not result in improved patient survival for reasons that are not known in detail.
__label__0, Current standard treatments for metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC) are based on combination regimens with one of the two chemotherapeutic drugs, irinotecan or oxaliplatin. However, drug resistance frequently limits the clinical efficacy of these therapies. In order to gain new insights into mechanisms associated with chemoresistance, and departing from three distinct CRC cell models, we generated a panel of human colorectal cancer cell lines with acquired resistance to either oxaliplatin or irinotecan. We characterized the resistant cell line variants with regards to their drug resistance profile and transcriptome, and matched our results with datasets generated from relevant clinical material to derive putative resistance biomarkers. We found that the chemoresistant cell line variants had distinctive irinotecan- or oxaliplatin-specific resistance profiles, with non-reciprocal cross-resistance. Furthermore, we could identify several new, as well as some previously described, drug resistance-associated genes for each resistant cell line variant. Each chemoresistant cell line variant acquired a unique set of changes that may represent distinct functional subtypes of chemotherapy resistance. In addition, and given the potential implications for selection of subsequent treatment, we also performed an exploratory analysis, in relevant patient cohorts, of the predictive value of each of the specific genes identified in our cellular models.
__label__0, We have performed a 50 ns molecular dynamics simulation of a hyperbranched polymer, i.e. polyethyleneimine (PEI), inside inverse micelles formed with zwitterionic surfactants 3-(N,N-dimethyl-dodecylammoniio)-propansulfonate (SB) in heptanol. The runs were performed using the GROMACS simulation package. During simulation time the PEI molecule undergoes a conformational deformation and compaction. The radius of gyration of the PEI molecule finally located in the center of the water droplet is decreased from 3 nm to 1.7 nm. The unusual shrinking of the PEI molecule inside the micelle explains the extraordinary template effect of these microemulsions by making cadmium sulfide or gold clusters.
__label__0, Le traitement du diabète implique de nombreux comportements d’autogestion au quotidien (alimentation, activité physique, auto-contrôle). Dès lors, l’éducation thérapeutique est hautement recommandée afin d’augmenter l’autonomie du patient et réduire les coûts de son traitement. Bien que de nombreux programmes d’éducation soient disponibles, les conditions pour une implémentation efficace sont encore trop peu documentées. La fidélité de l’implémentation se réfère à la mesure dans laquelle le programme est délivré comme il le devrait. Cette étude a pour but d’explorer la littérature sur la fidélité de l’implémentation, et d’envisager cette fidélité comme un facteur pouvant influencer l’efficacité de l’éducation au diabète.
__label__0, In the search for new protein products for human and animal consumption, defatted rapeseed meal has been considered as a potential source of high nutritional value proteins because of its well-balanced amino acid composition. Its use as an animal feed or human food, however, is limited by antinutritive compounds such as sinapine (SNP). SNP is a major phenolic compound of extracted meal flours and creates complexes with albumins. These complexes will be investigated later using spectrophotometric methods. The first step was to establish the spectroscopic properties of SNP in water environments of different pH. The equilibrium of the ionic forms of SNP at pH 5.46–10.58 was analyzed using absorption and fluorescence molecular spectroscopy. Equilibrium constants and pKa of the OH group in SNP were calculated in electronic ground and excited states. The absorption spectrum of SNP with a dissociated hydroxyl group was difficult to obtain due to SNP molecule instability in alkaline solutions. Therefore, this spectrum and molar extinction coefficient were calculated using measured spectra in lower pH. Furthermore, the fluorescence spectra and quantum yield for two ionic forms of SNP as well as pKa⁎ in the excited state were determined.
__label__0, Inserting a nasogastric tube (NGT) in intubated patients may be difficult because they cannot follow swallowing instructions, resulting in a high rate of first-attempt failure. We introduce a simple technique for inserting an orogastric tube in an emergency department (ED).
__label__0, We conducted a project entitled “Achieving Climate Change Abatement and Comfortable Life by a Partnership between Forestry and Natural Material Housing (NMH) in Urban Areas,” which aims to achieve carbon neutral housing by 2050 by linking forest management to the use of domestic wood in environmentally friendly Natural Materials Housing. In this paper, we conduct long term Life Cycle Assessment of CO2 emissions from afforestation stage to ultimate demolition of the house, encompassing the following stages: afforestation work and log cutting, lumber production, house building, use of the house (with main emissions coming from energy consumption for space heating and cooling, cooking, hot water supply, lighting, and appliances), repair, demolition, and waste treatment. Analysis results indicate that Life Cycle CO2 emissions from Natural Materials Housing are low, when compared with standard cases.
__label__0, A simulation was carried out to study the hydrodynamic characteristics of a vertical water wall in a 2953t/h ultra-supercritical pressure boiler. A hydrodynamic model was established by using the Chebyshev polynomial fitting method. The restriction orifice at the entrance of the water wall was designed at 50% of the boiler maximum continuous rating (BMCR) to minimize the differences in outlet fluid temperature. The hydrodynamic characteristics, including the distributions of the mass flows and pressure drops and the temperature of the metal of the water wall tubes, were studied. It was found that the mass flow within the water wall can be designed to match the heat absorption from the surface that is transferring heat from the furnace at different boiler loads when using this restriction orifice. The variation in the total drops in pressure is related to the variation in the boiler load. However, the proportions of the main components of the overall pressure drop are different at different boiler loads. For weakly heated circuits, the gravitational pressure drop forms a greater part of the total pressure drop than the frictional pressure drop. However for heavily heated circuits, the frictional pressure drop is larger than the gravitational pressure drop, making forced circulation inevitable. The pressure drop induced by the restriction orifice is more pronounced in weakly heated circuits, indicating that it is necessary to use the restriction orifice to adjust the mass flow in weakly heated circuits. Under the normal working conditions of the boiler, the temperatures of the metals did not exceed their safety limitations, suggesting that the reliability of the boiler unit can be ensured.
__label__0, Psychological stress has been linked empirically with dysregulation of facets of the human immune system, yet these effects are not the same in every situation or population. Recent research has made strides toward understanding risk factors for immune dysregulation as well as why these risks occur. This review discusses mechanisms and mediators underlying the stress-immune relation, the role of context in determining whether an immunologic responses to stress is adaptive versus maladaptive, and the stress–immune relation in populations including children exposed to early adversity, older adults, and individuals with clinical diagnoses. The reviewed work holds great promise for further elucidating the circumstances under which psychological stress has immunological consequences, and provides new directions for work in this field.
__label__0, To screen the cytotoxic activity of Melastoma malabathricum (M. malabathricum) against human breast cancer cell line (MCF-7) in vitro.
__label__0, Congestion pricing schemes have been traditionally derived based on analytical representations of travel demand and traffic flows, such as in bottleneck models. A major limitation of these models, especially when applied to urban networks, is the inconsistency with traffic dynamics and related phenomena such as hysteresis and the capacity drop. In this study we propose a new method to derive time-varying tolling schemes using the concept of the Network Fundamental Diagram (NFD). The adopted method is based on marginal cost pricing, while it also enables to account realistically for the dynamics of large and heterogeneous traffic networks. We derive two alternative cordon tolls using network-aggregated traffic flow conditions: a step toll that neglects the spatial distribution of traffic by simply associating the marginal costs of any decrease in production within the NFD to the surplus of traffic; and a step toll that explicitly accounts for how network performance is also influenced by the spatial variance in a 3D-NFD. This pricing framework is implemented in the agent-based simulation model MATSim and applied to a case study of the city of Zurich. The tolling schemes are compared with a uniform toll, and they highlight how the inhomogeneous distribution of traffic may compromise the effectiveness of cordon tolls.
__label__0, Fractals provide a geometric framework for the modelling of self-similarity and have become widely used in recent years in a broad range of applications. In this chapter we restrict the discussion to the modelling of environments which are self-similar and we provide a limited review of models which have natural fractal structure. The aim is to demonstrate a range of mathematical ideas which can facilitate the use of fractals in modelling. We shall see that modelling with fractals raises interesting mathematical and statistical questions as well as offering new insights into the phenomena being modelled.
__label__0, Ni dopants typically exist as Ni2+ oxidation state in metal oxides. We report that as Ni is co-doped with P in Ni(P):SnO2, P promotes Ni2+ into Ni3+, which acts as acceptor and coverts n-type SnO2 to p-type conduction. Significant hole concentration (4.5 × 1018 cm−3) of p-type Ni(P):SnO2 can be obtained. The chemical state of Ni3+ in Ni(P):SnO2 is verified by ultra-violet and x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. With the developed p-Ni(P):SnO2, transparent p-Ni(P):SnO2/i-SnO2/n-ITO p-i-n structure was fabricated and characterized: low leakage-current (8.41 × 10−5 A at −5 V), turn-on voltage (4.68 eV), good transmittance (85%), and small ideality-factor (1.73).
__label__0, The One Health approach integrates health investigations across the tree of life, including, but not limited to, wildlife, livestock, crops, and humans. It redresses an epistemological alienation at the heart of much modern population health, which has long segregated studies by species. Up to this point, however, One Health research has also omitted addressing fundamental structural causes underlying collapsing health ecologies. In this critical review we unpack the relationship between One Health science and its political economy, particularly the conceptual and methodological trajectories by which it fails to incorporate social determinants of epizootic spillover. We also introduce a Structural One Health that addresses the research gap. The new science, open to incorporating developments across the social sciences, addresses foundational processes underlying multispecies health, including the place-specific deep-time histories, cultural infrastructure, and economic geographies driving disease emergence. We introduce an ongoing project on avian influenza to illustrate Structural One Health's scope and ambition. For the first time researchers are quantifying the relationships among transnational circuits of capital, associated shifts in agroecological landscapes, and the genetic evolution and spatial spread of a xenospecific pathogen.
__label__0, Boron Carbonitride (BCN) porous architectures build by carbon nanofibers and BCN precursor were successfully synthesized via a simple precursor pyrolysis method. Scanning electron microscope (SEM) and BET results showed the BCN porous architectures having the pore size distribution ringing from 50 nm to 24 microns in diameter. Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) and X-ray diffractometer (XRD) results indicate that the products have the chemical composition of h-BCN and graphite. The minimum reflection loss and the frequency bandwidth below −20 dB for BCN are −56.2 dB and 7.7 GHz respectively, indicating better microwave absorption properties.
__label__0, Jusqu’où est-il possible de développer une intervention professionnelle auprès d’autrui qui s’appuie sur un bien défini par la personne destinataire du care ? À partir de l’exemple d’un programme expérimental, « Un chez soi d’abord », appuyé sur la notion de rétablissement (recovery), il s’agit ici de mettre en évidence les tensions auxquelles se heurte l’introduction de cette pratique de care critique. Documenté par des cas empiriques, à partir d’observations ethnographiques des accompagnements réalisés par les équipes pluri-professionnelles de ce programme, de focus groups et d’entretiens individuels avec leurs membres, cet article fait apparaître deux types principaux d’épreuves : les appropriations contrastées de ces modalités spécifique de care par l’ensemble des acteurs concernés et des situations-limites qui mettent en question la possibilité pour les professionnels de soutenir cette modalité d’accompagnement face à un risque jugé important (perte du logement, dégradation de l’état de santé…). Cet exemple est l’occasion d’explorer empiriquement une aporie inhérente au care : qui est le mieux à même et le plus légitime pour définir ce que serait « le bon care » en situation ?
__label__0, In this paper, nanostructured composite ceramic coatings (NCs) were prepared by supersonic plasma spray technology, and their surface, cross-section and fracture morphologies were observed by scanning electron microscope (SEM). The phase composition and high resolution morphology are analyzed by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and transmission electron microscope (TEM). In the final, the formation mechanisms of microstructure and micro-defects were concluded. The results show that a great deal of metastable γ-Al2O3 phase and a few amount of Al2TiO5 phase were generated after the spraying. Fully melted regions (FM regions) and partially melted regions (PM regions) are interlocked and piled up without obvious boundaries. The bimodal distributional microstructure is formed in the form of lamellae, which is relative to position of particles injected into plasma jet, melting points about composite phase and thermal conductivity of particles in the process of spraying. Reducing the gap in particle diameter and changing tap density of agglomerated particles can improve effectively performances of NCs. The increases of velocity and tap density of particles are the effective ways to reducing micro-defects and improving quality of NCs.
__label__0, The main-group metal alkyls and aryls are valuable tools in preparative organic and inorganic chemistry, and many industrial applications are known for these reactive substances. This chapter describes the syntheses, structures, and physical properties of metal alkyls or aryls that have a further “chelating” amino ligand attached to the metallic center. The formal substitution of one of the alkyl or aryl groups at the metal by nonmetallic and electronegative groups leads to compounds that have both electrophilic and nucleophilic centers in the molecule. The existence of alkyl– or aryl–calcium amides has not as yet been unambiguously demonstrated. The chemistry of alkyl- and arylaluminum, gallium, indium, and thallium amides has been investigated much more than the comparable chemistry of Group II elements. Many of the structural principles found for organoaluminum amides also hold for the corresponding compounds of gallium, indium, and thallium. There are numerous examples of chelating ligands that have been used to obtain monometal-centered rings. Macrocycles have been used to chelate alkyl–metal compounds efficiently. The coordination number of the indium atom is increased by interaction with the nitrogen atom of a second molecule. The alkyl– and aryl–metal silazanes and poly(metal) silazanes described so far are representatives of an unusual class of compound containing simultaneously electron-deficient and electron-rich centers that can interact with one another. The very prominent bond fluctuations observed for these molecules are often due to competitive reactions between bases for the same acidic center.
__label__0, A new operation mode of a HPXPS (high-pressure X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy) analyzer is evaluated on a HPXPS system fitted with an Al Kα X-ray source. A variety of metal foil samples (gold, silver and copper) were measured in different sample gas environments (N2 and H2O), and a front aperture diameter of 0.8 mm. The new design concept is based upon “swiftly” accelerating the photoelectrons to kinetic energies of several keV after they pass the analyzer front aperture. Compared to the standard mode, in which the front section between the two first apertures is field-free, this gives a wider angular collection and a lower tendency for electron losses in collisions with gas molecules within the analyzer. With the swift-acceleration mode we attain, depending on the experimental conditions, up to about 3 times higher peak intensities in vacuum and about 10 to 20 times higher peak intensities in the 6–9 mbar regime, depending on kinetic energy. These experimental findings agree well with simulated transmission functions for the analyzer. The new mode of operation enables faster data acquisition than the standard mode of operation, particularly valuable in a home laboratory environment. Further demonstrations of performance are highlighted by measurements of the valence band structure in dye-sensitized solar cell photoelectrodes under a 2 mbar H2O atmosphere, a molecularly modified surface of interest in photoelectrochemical devices.
__label__0, In this approach, polyelectrolyte film-coated nanofibrous silk fibroin (SF) nonwovens were prepared from the alternate deposition of positively charged polyethylenimine (PEI) and negatively charged SF using electrostatic layer-by-layer (LBL) self-assembled technology. The composite membranes were characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectrometer. The SF-PEI multilayer-assembled nanofibers (less than five layers) were fine and uniform with the fiber diameter from 400 nm to 600 nm, and had very large surface area and high porosity (more than 70%). The amino groups of PEI were proved to be deposited onto SF nonwovens, which granted the coated nonwovens with potential applicability for copper ions adsorption. The PEI films coated SF substrate showed much higher copper ions adsorption capacity than that of ethanol treated SF nanofibers. Adding the number of PEI coated could enhance the Cu2+ adsorption capacity significantly. The maximum milligrams per gram of copper ions adsorbed reached 59.7 mg/g when the SF substrate was coated with 5 bilayers of SF-PEI. However, the copper ions adsorption capacity had no obvious change as the number of PEI continued to increase. These results suggest potential for PEL film-coated nanofibrous nonwovens as a new adsorbent for metal ions.
__label__0, This study aimed to investigate the mechanism by which aerobic swimming training prevents high-fat-diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Forty-two male C57BL/6 mice were randomized into normal-diet sedentary (ND; n = 8), ND exercised (n = 8), high-fat diet sedentary (HFD; n = 13), and HFD exercised groups (n = 13). After 2 weeks of training adaptation, the mice were subjected to an aerobic swimming protocol (60 min/day) 5 days/week for 10 weeks. The HFD group exhibited significantly higher mRNA levels of fatty acid transport-, lipogenesis-, and β-oxidation-associated gene expressions than the ND group. PANDER and FOXO1 expressions increased, whereas AKT expression decreased in the HFD group. The aerobic swimming program with the HFD reversed the effects of the HFD on the expressions of thrombospondin-1 receptor, liver fatty acid-binding protein, long-chain fatty-acid elongase-6, Fas cell surface death receptor, and stearoyl-coenzyme A desaturase-1, as well as PANDER, FOXO1, and AKT. In the HFD exercised group, PPARα and AOX expressions were much higher. Our findings suggest that aerobic swimming training can prevent NAFLD via the regulation of fatty acid transport-, lipogenesis-, and β-oxidation-associated genes. In addition, the benefits from aerobic swimming training were achieved partly through the PANDER-AKT-FOXO1 pathway.
__label__0, The use of doxorubicin (DOX) is limited by its dose-dependent cardiotoxicity. Entrapped DOX in liposome has been shown to reduce cardiotoxicity. Results showed that about 92% of the total drug was encapsulated in liposome. The release experiments showed a weak DOX leakage in both culture medium and in PBS, more than 98% and 90% of the encapsulated DOX respectively was still retained in liposomes after 24 h of incubation. When the release experiments were carried out in phosphate buffer pH5.3, the leakage of DOX from liposomes reached 37% after 24 h of incubation. Evaluation of cellular uptake of the liposomal DOX indicated the possible endocytosis of liposomes because the majority of visible fluorescence of DOX was mainly in the cytoplasm, whereas the nuclear compartment showed a weak intensity. When using unloaded fluorescent-liposomes, the fluorescence was absent in nuclei suggests that liposomes cannot cross the nuclear membrane. MTT assay and measurement of LDH release suggest that necrosis is the form of cellular death predominates in H9c2 cells exposed to high doses of DOX, while for weak doses apoptosis could be the predominate form. Entrapped DOX reduced significantly DOX toxicity after 3 and 6 h of incubation, but after 20 h entrapped DOX is more toxic than free one.
__label__0, The presence of two cysteinyl progestogens, 16-cysteinyl-progesterone (16-Cys-Prog) and 16-cysteinyl-pregnenolone (16-Cys-Preg), in human urine is described for the first time. Their occurrence was unequivocally confirmed by comparison with synthesized material by using mass spectrometric detectors. Several experiments were performed in order to clarify their origin. The adrenal origin of both 16-Cys-Prog and 16-Cys-Preg can be inferred from the increase in their concentrations after ACTH stimulatory test, together with their circadian variation similar to the one observed for cortisol.
__label__0, La confusion mentale est une perturbation de la conscience accompagnée de modifications cognitives, qui ne peut pas s’expliquer par une démence préexistante ou en évolution.
__label__0, Low frequency electrical stimulation (LFS) can reduce neural excitability and suppress seizures in animals and patients with epilepsy. However the therapeutic outcome could benefit from the determination of the cell types involved in seizure suppression. We used optogenetic techniques to investigate the role of interneurons in LFS (1 Hz) in the epileptogenic hippocampus. Optical low frequency stimulation (oLFS) was first used to activate the cation channel channelrhodopsin-2 (ChR2) in the Thy1-ChR2 transgenic mouse that expresses ChR2 in both excitatory and inhibitory neurons. We found that oLFS could effectively reduce epileptiform activity in the hippocampus through the activation of GAD-expressing hippocampal interneurons. This was confirmed using the VGAT-ChR2 transgenic mouse, allowing for selective optical activation of only GABA interneurons. Activating hippocampal interneurons through oLFS was found to cause entrainment of neural activity similar to electrical stimulation, but through a GABAA-mediated mechanism. These results confirm the robustness of the LFS paradigm and indicate that GABA interneurons play an unexpected role of shaping inter-ictal activity to decrease neural excitability in the hippocampus.
__label__0, In this study, the retailer’s decision for ordering and credit policies is analyzed when a supplier offers its retailer either a cash discount or a fixed credit period if the order quantity is greater than or equal to regular order policy. Then the retailer offers credit period to its customer which increases the demand and default risk and decreases profit. Furthermore, the units in the retailer’s inventory system deteriorate at a constant rate. Some theoretical results are derived to compute the optimal solution. The theoretical results are supported by numerical examples. The managerial acumens are provided.
__label__0, Le diabète est associé à une forte incidence de dyslipidémie constituant un facteur aggravant le risque athéromateux. Notre étude vise à réaliser une étude comparative du profil lipidique chez le diabète type 1/type 2.
__label__0, Contemporary empirical research regarding both verbal and limb apraxia is considered within the framework of a neuropsychological perspective which views the apraxias as involving dysfunctions of either a cognitive-linguistic system or a motor-production system. The apractic disorders are compared as they reflect disruptions to these two systems. Comparisons include types of errors observed, stimulus and response variables which influence the errors observed and the environmental conditions under which the observed errors occur.
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, This chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, Using high resolution isotope-resolved mass spectrometry it was possible to prove the existence of sextuply-charged fullerene ions (i.e. the parent ion C6+70, the C70 fragment ions C6+68, C6+64 and C6+62, and the C60 fragment ions C6+58, C6+56, C6+52 and C6+50) after electron impact ionization of neutral C70 and C60, respectively. The parent ion C6+60 cannot be seen isotopically resolved due to interfering coincidences with the C5+50, C4+40, C3+30, C2+20 and C+10 fragment ions.
__label__0, We describe the performance of a multiple-collector thermal ionization mass spectrometer (Finnigan MAT 262) which has been modified by replacing the adjustable Faraday collectors with ion-counting channeltrons. This configuration allows isotope abundance measurements with very small ion beams down to 10−18 A, even if the signal is not very stable. Problems specific to the use of channeltrons and their intercalibration are discussed. Results from test measurements indicate that — apart from limitations from statistics — a precision better than 1% can be achieved for isotope ratio measurements. Such an instrument will be useful for isotope measurements, including isotope dilution measurements, where sample size is a problem. One application is the measurement of the isotopic composition of trace elements in interstellar grains in meteorites.
__label__0, Tan+ clusters (n = 4–8) were produced by sputtering of Xe ions with an energy of 9 keV; the fragmentation of these cluster ions has been studied over the time range of 1 ns to 0.1 ms.
__label__0, The reaction rate coefficients of the reactions of H2+ (ν = 0, 1) ions with rare gas atoms Ne, Ar, Kr, Xe, and molecules H2, D2, N2, O2 and CH4 at thermal energy have been measured in a Selected Ion Flow Tube (SIFT) experiment, with He as a carrier gas at 298 K. The obtained reaction rate coefficients are close to the collisional rate coefficients for most of the reactions studied. For the reaction of the H2+ ions with Xe the reaction rate coefficient is a half of the collisional rate coefficient. Thermal reaction rate coefficients for the reactions of H+ with D2 and O2 are also reported.
__label__0, Translational energy spectroscopy has been employed to study state-selective double-electron capture by 8 keV Ar4+ in He and Ne targets, and 12 keV Ar4+ in He. The capture spectra are dominated by reaction channels which violate spin conservation. The double capture spectra for Ar4+ in He contain intense peaks which involve capture from the metastable quintet 5S0 state of Ar4+, recently identified in single capture spectra for Ar4+ in He and Ne.
__label__0, Resonance ionization mass spectrometry studies of atomic species originating from a thermal source have been used to produce intensity/population calibration factors in the 2 + 1 (photons to resonance + photons to ionize) ionization of Ni. In Ni, several low lying excited electronic states provide ionization pathways facilitating measurement of the electronic temperature of the probed atoms. This detection scheme has been used to determine the electronic temperature of laser ablated Ni atoms from an electroplated nickel surface. Assuming Boltzmann behavior, temperatures of approximately 2600 K have been observed. The production of such high temperatures during laser ablation results in significant population of a variety of electronic states, thereby decreasing the overall sensitivity of any state-specific analysis technique that follows such laser sampling.
__label__0, This paper addresses the finite element method with a posteriori error estimation for elements of degree p = 1 and p = 2. It gives the formulae for the error indicators and error estimators. Basic mathematical characterizations of the estimators are given and it is shown that the estimators for p = 1 and p = 2 have different structures. Numerical examples show the effectivity of the approach and the high quality of the estimator.
__label__0, This paper presents a simple yet general procedure to determine influence lines and surfaces for frames, beams, trusses, and plates. The method is based on the application of the Muller-Breslau principle and finite elements. It can be easily implemented with most commercial finite element codes.
__label__0, A solution procedure for the analysis of the elastic contact between an elastic body and flexible tendons involving frictional sliding on curves is presented. The penalty method and the Lagrangian formulation are used to obtain the finite element equations. Solutions to various sample and real problems are presented to demonstrate the applicability of the algorithm.
__label__0, A C0 finite element space discretization procedure is employed in a general fibre-reinforced composite cylindrical shell theory based on a higher-order displacement model. The displacement model incorporates non-linear variation of tangential displacement components through the thickness of the shell. The use of a shear correction coefficient thus becomes redundant. The discrete element chosen is a nine-noded Lagrangian quadrilateral with seven degrees of freedom per node.
__label__0, The purposes of this paper are to develop a new finite-element-based optimal design method for chimneys under a fundamental natural frequency constraint and geometrical constraints (minimum stiffness constraints) and to apply this method to practical chimney design. The chimney is modeled by an FEM system and the bending stiffness distribution is approximated by a piecewise-linear function. A cubic displacement function is utilized in the FEM system. The displacement function is then determined so that the optimality condition described at every point would be satisfied only at the element ends. It is shown that the optimal bending stiffness in the interval with stiffness greater than the given lower bound and the lowest-mode displacements in the interval with the lower-bound stiffness can be obtained semi-explicitly from a set of simultaneous linear equations which is rearranged from a set of governing equations of the lowest eigenvibration. In order to identify the elements with lower-bound stiffnesses, a procedure based on inverse mapping is utilized. Several numerical examples are presented in order to demonstrate the validity and efficiency of this method.
__label__0, A background-compensated Geiger-Müller counter was used as a probe for a GM survey meter to obtain a net count rate of β-rays from a radioactive source in a quick survey. Although a background counting ratio between the two parts in the counter, front and rear, varied somewhat depending on the incident direction of background γ-rays, it was possible to compensate the background counts by subtracting a part of the rear counts, which were background counts, from the front counts, which contained β-ray counts and background counts. Undesirable small pulses generated during the recovering time after a full Geiger discharge were eliminated by an anticoincidence gating method. The survey meter with this counter and a differetial ratemeter is useful for obtaining a net count rate of β-rays emitted from a surface radioactive-contamination or from a source being put near the window of the counter with nearly the same accuracy in half the measuring time as compared with conventional GM counters.
__label__0, The importance of correlations in the procedure of fitting analytical functions to measured germanium detector γ-ray efficiency values is demonstrated for two typical examples.
__label__0, A remarkable characteristic of the surface barrier detector with a side groove cooled down to liquid nitrogen temperature has been observed. That is, an abrupt increase of the output noise at a definite voltage when increasing the bias voltage slowly. This is caused by a carrier injection from the side surface of the groove near the neck narrowed by the side groove. This excess noise disappears after the depletion layer extends into the neck of the side groove. This is confirmed by the fact that the capacitance of the detector decreases abruptly at the bias voltage corresponding to decrease of the excess noise.
__label__0, In neutron-antineutron oscillation experiments the quasifree condition defines the tolerable size of the residual magnetic field along the neutron beam. The best way to ensure that the quasifree condition is met during a neutron oscillation search is to use neutrons themselves for the measurement of the residual magnetic field, by observing neutron spin rotation along the neutron path of flight. We have tested such a neutron spin magnetometer, using a polarized neutron beam. A combined active plus passive shielding setup was developed for the magnetic shielding of the neutron beam.
__label__0, The conduction of holes in a fluorocarbon polymer film was studied under the condition of irradiation of alpha-particles emitted from 241Am. Pulsed currents were observed from the film under an electric field above 8 × 104 V/cm in the presence of He atoms in the film. The dependence of the current on applied voltage was reproduced by the formula exp[a(V − Vt)] as the multiplication factor for a parallel-plate proportional counter. The hole mobility was determined to be 1.0 × 10−2 cm2/V·s.
__label__0, Light yield and space resolution are measured for electroluminescent chambers without electron multiplication and in the proportional regime. The investigation has been performed in order to get the information necessary for the construction of a track projection chamber. Widths have been obtained (fwhm) for the image of one electron; the results are 1.9 mm for the chamber without electron multiplication and 1.4 mm for the proportional electroluminescent chamber.
__label__0, Reflectance spectra have been measured for many materials in the wavelength range from 90 Å to 400 Å. The angle of incidence ranged from 20° to 85°. The samples were chemical-vapor-deposited silicon carbide (CVD-SiC), a single crystal of silicon with (100) surface, fused quartz, zerodur, pyrex, gold, platinum, copper and two kinds of steel. To obtain reflectances for surfaces for practical use, measurements were made on surfaces sufficiently exposed to air. Reflectances for s-polarized light (Rs) were measured for all samples. On CVD-SiC, gold and platinum, reflectances for p-polarized light (RP) were also observed. At short wavelengths and large angles of incidence, the difference between Rs and RP is small, and RP happened to exceed Rs in contrast to the result from the Fresnel equation. This may be due to the deviation of the present surfaces of mirrors from an ideal plane. Reflectance spectra of surfaces prepared by some feasible techniques are also presented.
__label__0, We have built an intelligent controller for acquisition and pre-elaboration of data coming from the read-out electronics of streamer tube calorimeters. Its main features are very short acquisition time and low costs.
__label__0, In this paper we attempt a preliminary comparison between FELs operating in the IR and FIR region with conventional laser sources.
__label__0, A multistep avalance chamber with optical readout has been built and tested as a position sensitive VUV photon detector for use in Cherenkov ring imaging and as a particle track detector. Readout of the chamber, which has a uniform field geometry, is achieved by exploitation of the secondary light emission that occurs during gaseous multiplication. This light is focused onto, and detected by, an image intensifier tube which is itself viewed by an electronic image sensor array affording a genuinely 2-dimensional readout of the position of the avalanche initiated by an incident VUV photon or particle track. Efficient detection of single VUV photons has been achieved with a positional resolution of 260 μm in both dimensions. Given a more suitable image intensifier tube, this could be reduced to 100 μm or less for both VUV photons or particle tracks.
__label__0, We report on the development of a compact, inexpensive and fast light pulser system designed to set up the timing of scintillators in a medium energy physics spectrometer.
__label__0, A two photon excitation scheme for detection of neutral hydrogen atoms in a fusion plasma is described. The approach has the advantages of both the Lyman α and Balmer α scattering methods presently being used. Further, it is shown that existing laser technology produces the required laser power.
__label__0, Two types of multi-moderator neutron spectrometers were developed; one is a gamma-ray insensitive type, and the other is a high-efficiency type. An indium activation detector is loaded in the former spectrometer, which can measure the photon-dominant pulsed neutron field such as in the primary photon beam of a high-energy medical electron accelerator. The latter, in which a 3He counter is loaded, is so sensitive that it can measure leakage neutrons from a well shielded facility or even the skyshine neutrons. The response functions of the spectrometers were measured by thermal and mono-energetic neutron standard fields, and were also calculated by the one-dimensional discrete ordinates transport code, ANISN. The measured and calculated responses showed generally good agreement. A benchmark measurement of 252Cf fission neutrons by using these two spectrometers agreed well with the calculated spectrum. The spectrometers were used in the measurements of neutrons produced by a medical electron accelerator and of skyshine neutrons from an intense 14 MeV neutron source facility.
__label__0, Simple collimated sets of thermoluminescent dosimeters were used for measuring dose rate distribution curves in the bremsstrahlung field of an electrostatic accelerator. The increased axial resolution of the detector set resulted in curves clearly indicating local radiation maxima related to the electron optical properties of the acceleration tubes. Radiation data were compared to those calculated from secondary electron trajectories and to statistical data on resistor breakdowns in the voltage divider chain.
__label__0, A search for dynamic radiation from mica, LiF and NaI has been made at electron energies from 2.7 to 11.5 GeV/c. No evidence of dynamic radiation has been found.
__label__0, A description of the BESSY undulator/multipole wiggler which is presently under construction is given along with some calculated data on the expected performance.
__label__0, A mirror bending and positioning system has been designed for the two X-ray mirrors that will be on the Naval Research Laboratory's (NRL) Materials Analysis Beamline at the National Synchrotron Light Source. We will describe the design and testing of the system. The salient features of the system are its compact size, modular construction, orthogonalized motions, independent bending forces for each end of the mirror, and feedback mechanism for controlling the degree of bending. Calculations for one of the mirrors show that it will possible to match the slope of a parabola with a bent flat mirror to within 0.6 arcsec rms slope error.
__label__0, Recent years have seen an almost explosive growth in the number of beamlines on new and existing synchrotron radiation facilities throughout the world. The need for optical components to utilize the unique characteristics of synchrotron radiation has increased accordingly. Unfortunately, the technology to manufacture and measure the large, smooth, exotic optical surfaces required to focus and steer the synchrotron radiation beam has not progressed as rapidly as the operational demands on these components. Most companies do not wish to become involved with a project that requires producing a single, very expensive, aspheric optic with surface roughness and figure tolerances that are beyond their capabilities to measure. This paper will review some of the experiences of the National Synchrotron Light Source in procuring grazing incidence optical components over the past several years. We will review the specification process - how it is related to the function of the optic, and how it relates to the metrology available during the manufacturing process and after delivery to the user's laboratory. We will also discuss practical aspects of our experience with new technologies, such as single point diamond turning of metal mirrors and the use of SiC as a mirror material. Recent advances in metrology instrumentation have the potential to move the measurement of surface figure and finish from the research laboratory into the optical shop, which should stimulate growth and interest in the manufacturing of optics to meet the needs of the synchrotron radiation user community.
__label__0, The measurement of the net yield of a monochromator with the cross section variation of the detecting material filtered out is briefly illustrated. This is achieved by measuring the absorption cross section variation of a thin film that is made of the same material as the flux monitor detecting material at the same time when the monochromator is sweeped. Using this measured absorption cross section, the substrate response can then be divided out and thus give the monochromator yield from the measured total yield. The key point of this measurement is to use same materials at two sites. In principle, the result is independent of the material chosen and this method can be easily applied to various monochromators operated at a wide photon energy range, for example, from infrared to hard X-rays, without the previous knowledge of the photoionization cross section of the detecting material.
__label__0, We present the new ray-tracing program SHADOW. The program was written specifically for the XUV optics range, but is now completely general. Its capabilites are discussed in terms of the physical basis on which the program is built, with particular emphasis on the synchrotron radiation applications.
__label__0, Soft X-ray microscopy is under development in a number of laboratories, primarily for biological applications. Synchrotron radiation, especially because of its brightness and tunability plays a crucial role in this work. We review the motivation for using soft X-rays in biological imaging, and discuss the approaches and techniques in use. In addition we attempt a look into the future, especially in connection with three dimensional imaging and applications in surface science.
__label__0, The CAMAC-based control system for the 25 MV tandem electrostatic accelerator of the Holifield Heavy Ion Research Facility at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) was specified by ORNL and built by the National Electrostatics Corporation. Two Perkin-Elmer 32-bit minicomputers are used in the system: a message switching computer and a supervisory computer. The message switching computer transmits and receives control information on six serial highways. This computer shares memory with the supervisory computer. Operator consoles are located on a serial highway; control is by means of a console CRT, trackball, and assignable shaft encoders and meters. Two identical consoles operate simultaneously: one is located in the tandem control room; the other is located in the cyclotron control room to facilitate operation during injection of tandem beams into the cyclotron or when beam lines under control of the cyclotron control system are used. The supervisory computer is used for accelerator parameter setup calculations, actual accelerator setup for new beams based on scaled, recorded parameters from previously run beams, and various other functions. The experience of nearly seven years of control system operation and improvements is discussed.
__label__0, The coherent and incoherent scattering cross sections (normalized to the atomic form and incoherent scattering factors) for X-rays have been integrated over solid angle from a point source into 90° while maintaining the polarization information. This polarization information is important in X-ray fluorescence with crystal spectrometers since it can be used to reduce the background in the spectra.
__label__0, The Holifield Heavy Ion Research Facility has been in routine operation since July 1982. Beams have been provided using both the tandem accelerator alone and a coupled mode in which the Oak Ridge Isochronous Cyclotron is used as an energy booster for tandem beams. The coupled mode has proved to be especially effective and has allowed us to provide a wide range of energetic beams for scheduled experiments. In this report we discuss our operational experience and recent development activities.
__label__0, Compressed gas insulation has provided the main insulation for sustaining terminal voltages of electrostatic accelerators. Essentially coaxial geometry is used with mechanical support of the terminal achieved by long columns which also support the acceleration tubes. Because of the vacuum insulation in the acceleration tubes, the electric gradient along the columns is typically 10–20 kV/cm, whereas the radial gas gap can operate at stresses about ten times larger.
__label__0, A cryogenically pumped gas stripper was installed and commissioned in the Daresbury tandem in 1984. The design, operation and performance of the stripper are described.
__label__0, Differential thermal analysis has been made for muscovite mica exposed to 60Co gamma rays of doses up to 1.2×1010 R. The thermal curves show a endothermic peak below 950°C. The starting temperature of the endothermic reaction increases from 770 to 855°C with increasing dose. The resistance to the thermal decomposition of muscovite mica is increased by gamma-ray irradiation. The change in thermal properties has been utilized for measuring and recording high gamma-ray and electron doses. A simple mechanism is suggested to understand the radiation-induced effect on the thermal properties of muscovite mica.
__label__0, The performance of a barium fluoride (BaF2) scintillator as an electromagnetic shower calorimeter is investigated for electrons in the energy range 0.25–5 GeV. The energy resolution (fwhm) is expressed by 0.098 E 1 4 [GeV] and compared with a Monte Carlo simulation. For radiation damage a dose of 1 × 105 Gy (1 Gy (1 Gy = 100 rad) shortens the optical attenuation length to 14%. The deterioration is compared with that of BGO.
__label__0, This paper describes a new kind of pulse generator, able to provide not only two pairs of coincident pulses, with continuously variable amplitude (0–5 V) for each pulse and delay (40–150 μs) between the two pairs — energy simulation — but also the corresponding timing signals — time of flight simulation — with different intrinsic variable delays ranging from 50 ps up to 128 ns, in steps of 50 ps, with a proper time resolution better than 15 ps. Some experimental results, obtained using the present device, are also reported.
__label__0, A direct method for estimating the influence of different error sources on the quantities measured in multidetector experiments is presented. The processes leading to the registration of multiple coincidences are simulated on a digital computer where the distributions characterizing the emitted radiation (time, multiplicity, energy, direction) are taken into account.
__label__0, We investigate the feasibility of a tunable VUV/soft X-ray FEL operating in a dedicated storage ring. Because of poor mirror reflectivity available at these wavelengths, the FEL must operate in the intermediate high gain regime (gain = 3−5). In order to obtain this high gain, a long interaction length (27 m), a high current (270 A) and strong magnetic fields ( a w > 1 ) are necessary. Consequently some velocity spread effects and possibly even some space charge effects must be considered. We use a one-dimensional, comprehensive small signal gain analytical model to conduct a parametric study of the FEL operating parameters and their scaling laws. The results of the analytic model are compared with results obtained with the 2-D FEL simulation code FRED, and the effect of optical guiding on the gain is estimated using an enhanced filling factor based on the observed guided mode size. We conclude that oscillation below 300 Å is feasible with existing mirror technology.
__label__0, The harmonic generation rate of an optical klystron placed on a storage ring has been calculated in the VUV spectral range in 3 cases: (i) when the pump laser is an external pulsed laser; (ii) when the pump laser is an FEL working on the ring; and (iii) when this FEL is Q-switched instead of cw. Although the first case will provide the maximum coherent power it appears that the Q-switched FEL will produce a noticeable amount of harmonics with a simpler experimental setup. An output power of the order of 1 kW should be produced between typically 300 and 1500 Å on a standard VUV ring like Super-ACO at Orsay.
__label__0, The idea of using a crystal lattice or a superlattice as an undulator for a free electron laser is explored. A purely classical treatment of relativistic positrons channeling through the proposed structure is performed in a self-consistent fashion involving the wave equation for the radiating electromagnetic field and the kinetic equation for the positron distribution function. The gain coefficient for a forward radiating field is obtained in closed analytical form and is studied numerically for a (110) planar channeling in Si. This result, combined with a feedback mechanism arising from Bragg diffraction within the basic crystal lattice, may lead to an instability of the radiation inside the crystal.
__label__0, Optical guiding in the linear growth regime of an FEL amplifier has been reported in simulations by Scharlemann et al., using the LLNL 2D code FRED. We present the results of a parameter space investigation of optical guiding in an FEL using the FRED code with a realistic range of input parameters: optical wavelength, mode size and focus, current density, emittance, and wiggler period. We find that optical guiding has a profound impact on gain, and that within existing mirror technology and for the operating characteristics expected of the Stanford storage ring FEL now in construction, oscillation is achievable from the visible through 300 Å. We also describe the relative importance of guiding in different regimes. In support of these predictions we present “FRED” benchmarking results.
__label__0, In this paper we present a description of a three-view segmented hadron calorimeter which provides three dimensional information on shower location as well as the usual energy deposition. We summarize several important results emerging from the use of our hadron calorimeter both as a component of an hybrid bubble chamber trigger and in the data reduction and analysis. Calibration data taken during our run cycle allowed determination of the spatial and energy resolution of the calorimeter as a function of the shower distribution and incident particle energy. Also an algorithm was developed which permitted good determination of the shower trajectory and errors even for showers not fully contained within the calorimeter and thereby indicating a significant loss of energy deposition.
__label__0, A semiempirical formula D(x) D(0) ∼ φ(x) φ(0) = R(x) = [1 − (1 + αx −2 ) −1 2 ] exp (− βx) is proposed, where D(x) is the thermal-neutron dose and φ(x) is the thermal-neutron flux at “reduced centerline length” x = ƒ 0 z d z[S(z)] −1 2 with z being the actual centerline length measured from the mouth of a maze or from a bend and S(z) the cross-sectional area. The formula fits well to the experimental results of the authors, Price et al., and Maerker and Muckenthaler with suitable choice of the values of the parameters α and β.
__label__0, The pulsed and steady-state photoresponses of silicon surface-barrier photodiodes having sensitive areas of 2.5 cm2 have been measured at a photon wavelength λ of 850 nm (1.5 eV). The photodiodes studied are either windowless, i.e., have no gold film over the sensitive surface (no-gold photodiode), or have a thin (∼ 10 nm) gold film over the sensitive surface (gold photodiode). Local as well as broad-area photoresponses have been measured with the photodiodes operated in the reverse-bias mode. For comparison, pulsed photoresponses were also measured at λ = 337 nm (3.7 eV). The measured photocurrent pulses from no-gold photodiodes have a long time duration resulting from the large resistance and capacitance of the bare silicon surface. The results of these studies show that the characteristics of the measured photocurrent pulses from no-gold photodiodes are consistent with those expected for a model which treats the bare silicon surface as a two-dimensional RC line consisting of a homogeneously distributed capacitance and resistance and having circular geometry. Further, the results of steady-state photocurrent measurements and pulse amplitude measurements using pulse electronics with time constants in the range 5–1200 μs show that no-gold silicon photodiodes need no initial photon calibration. They serve as photon flux calibration detectors for both pulsed and steady-state photon sources provided the reflectivity of the no-gold photodiode is measured at the time of its use for a photon flux measurement. For the case of a pulsed photon source, the use of pulse electronics having time constants properly chosen to accommodate the slow current pulses from the no-gold photodiode is also required. Gold photodiodes may be calibrated easily by making use of a no-gold photodiode. The gold photodiode is calibrated by measuring photopulse amplitude ratios for pulsed photon sources or photocurrent ratios for steady-state photon sources. The pulse response of no-gold silicon photodiodes to charged particles has also been determined and the results compared with their response to pulsed photon sources and with the charged-particle response measured for gold photodiodes.
__label__0, We have dynamically polarized the deuterons in deuterated ammonia (ND3) at a temperature of about 200 mK. Maximum vector polarizations of −0.44±0.02 in a magnetic field of 2.5 T and −0.49±0.04 at 3.5 T have been obtained. From these values the deuteron tensor polarization is calculated to be 0.15±0.02 and 0.19±0.03, respectively.
__label__0, The subject of investigation is a large-area parallel plate avalanche counter (PPAC). The counter timing properties when detecting α-particles of low energy are analyzed at n-heptane vapour pressures ranging from 5 to 30 Torr. Under typical measurement conditions, a time resolution of 380 ps has been achieved at these pressures; there is no evidence for further improvement at higher pressures. Considered are the TOF test setup efficiency and the electron drift velocity in n-heptane under relatively high electric fields. Besides, the variability of the basic physical processes contributing to the detection is evaluated and the effect of the fine energy structure of the divergently emitted α-particles upon the PPAC actual time resolution is investigated. A large dynamic range of the PPAC energy resolution was noticed; the contributions of individual side effects to the detector timing properties are evaluated.
__label__0, We have constructed a new large cylindrical drift chamber (2 m long and 2 m in diameter) for the CLEO II experiment at the Cornell Electron Storage Ring (CESR). The chamber contains 51 readout layers including 11 stereo layers, with 48480 (12240) total (sense) wires. Segmented cathode strips were used instead of field wires for the innermost and outermost layers to provide two accurate measurements of the longitudinal coordinate. Very low density support structures were developed to hold the cathode strips. Aluminum wire was used for the majority of the field wires to reduce multiple scattering and the tension load on the endplates. A semiautomatic apparatus was developed to string wires with the chamber mounted vertically. With this system, it was also possible to replace any wire in the chamber. A maximum stringing rate of 60 wires/h was achieved. The tension on all wires was measured soon after they were strung; the failure rate due to improper tension was typically less than 2%. Hybrid preamplifiers were developed and mounted directly on the chamber on custom printed circuit boards. Each board also contains a pulser calibration system and a high voltage current monitor. High voltage power is individually supplied to each of the 51 layers under computer control. A new type of hardware track finder was developed for the trigger.
__label__0, The attenuation length of electrons drifting under the action of a uniform electric field Ed in a long (1 m) and narrow (8×100 mm2) channel has been measured. The drift volume was filled with Ar+20% CH4 at atmospheric pressure. The measurement has been done without and with a 1.2 T solenoidal magnetic field whose orientation, relative to the Ed field, could be adjusted. Attenuation lengths larger than 4 m were measured.
__label__0, For the measurements of exotic X-rays we designed two GSPC's and a background suppression system. The suppression is based on the recognition of a typical pulseform from X-rays absorbed in the right detector region and reduces the background by a factor of ∼ 300. This pulseform is obtained by operating the GSPC's in a prescintillation mode where scintillation occurs also in the absorption region.
__label__0, Fourier-transform and generalised least-squares (GLS) methods have been used to determine the detecting system response function b(E) from the deconvolution equation: b(E) = u(E) ∗ ∗ i(E), where u(E) is the measured spectrum and i(E) is the initial spectrum. In order to obtain a physical and unique solution of b(E), a minimization procedure min f |u(E) − i(E) ∗ b(E)| 2 with a regularization parameter f has been involved.
__label__0, Thin diphenylstilbene layers deposited on glass were shown to be an effective wavelength shifter of He-scintillation into a spectral region where conventional photomultiplier tubes are sensitive.
__label__0, We have measured drift velocities and Lorentz angles for xenon gas with various types of quench gas mixtures. The measurement was motivated to help designing a new type of detector for an e+e− collider experiment, where synchrotron radiation X-rays generated by electrons passing through a high magnetic field are detected to identify the electrons.
__label__0, Errors on ratios are discussed in the case of binomial and Poisson distributions; tables giving the upper and lower limits of the confidence region for a confidence level of 68.3% are provided for small numbers.
__label__0, A SiTek Laboratories one-dimentional position sensitive detector has been tested for use as a synchrotron radiation beam position monitor.
__label__0, A mercury vapour jet is used to seal a 1 cm2 aperture between a gas volume (“target chamber”) and the beam-line system. The possible pressure differences and the leakage related to the different target gas pressures have been investigated. Pressure gradients from 101 to 10−3 mbar and leakages of less than 3×10−3 mbar 1/s have been observed. The maximum target pressure was pT=36 mbar.
__label__0, Diogene, an electronic 4π detector, has been built and installed at the Saturne synchrotron in Saclay. The forward angular range (0°–6°) is covered by 48 time-of-flight scintillator telescopes that provide charge identification. The trajectories of fragments emitted at larger angles are recorded in a cylindrical 0.4-m3 Pictorial Drift Chamber (PDC) surrounding the target. The PDC is inside a 1-T magnetic field; the axis of the PDC cylinder and the magnetic field are parallel to the beam. Good identification has been obtained for both positive and negative π mesons and for hydrogen and helium isotopes. Multiplicities in relativistic nucleus-nucleus reactions up to 40 have been detected, limited mainly by the present electronics.
__label__0, Short wavelength, high efficiency free electron laser (FEL) operation imposes stringent specifications on undulator performance in order to maintain interaction strength. As part of the Boeing Aerospace Company, Spectra Technology Visible Oscillator Experiment, the Tapered Hybrid Undulator (THUNDER) meets the requirements imposed by high-efficiency visible rf-linac operation. The magnetic measurements used to validate the performance of THUNDER are presented. The specific design criteria and the tolerances they establish are discussed as well as the magnetic measurements that validate them. The electron beam diagnostic stations and their performance is also presented. The performance of THUNDER serves as a bench mark for undulator/wiggler designs central to long-wiggler FELs and advanced synchrotron radiation sources.
__label__0, The position sensitivity for two types of beam position monitors has been calculated using the boundary element method (BEM). A cylindrical beam position monitor was first chosen to compare between BEM and analytical calculations. The results of the BEM fall within 1% of the analytical calculations. Next we applied the BEM to aracetrack type position monitor and compared the BEM results with measured values.
__label__0, We have developed an (n, p) target chamber consisting of six target layers sandwiched between seven gas detector layers. This target chamber is now commonly used with the new (n, p) facility at TRIUMF. With this arrangement, large total (n, p) target thicknesses (> 1 g/cm2) can be used and yet the target contribution to overall energy resolution is moderate, typically less than 500 keV. The simultaneous accumulation of data from six target layers has proven to be highly advantageous with a number of applications, such as; (1) using multiple thicknesses of one target material, (2) including a target of known cross-section in the target stack for normalization, (3) adding a target to obtain simultaneous spectra for later subtraction of contamination lines and (4) the use of several target materials at once.
__label__0, Eight-cell drift-tube modules of 7.6 m in length and the readout electronics system of the VENUS muon detector at KEK have been tested by using cosmic rays in order to evaluate the performance of the system. The cross section of each cell is 5 × 7 cm2. The anode wire is a gold-plated tungsten wire with a diameter of 70 μm. P10 gas ( Ar/CH 4 = 90 10 ) was used at 1 atm. Typical singles rates in the high voltage plateau region were about 220 Hz per wire which is slightly higher than the estimated cosmic ray rate of 150 Hz. The average dark current was about 6 nA per wire at an operating high voltage of 2.7 kV. The spatial resolution for a single tube has two distinct components. The main component contains about 96% of the total incident events and has an rms spatial resolution of about 1.3 mm. The second component has a much broader distribution with an rms value of about 12 mm. It is evident that these events are caused by delta-rays generated in the tube wall. The detection efficiency is essentially 100% if the two components are included.
__label__0, The wavelength dependence of the photoelectron yield in a BaF2-TMAE detector was studied. We found that the signal in such a detector stems mainly from an emission of scintillation light at 195 nm. The decay time constant of this component is the same as that of the 220 nm component: (870±30) ps.
__label__0, In order to observe aurotal X-ray images, a horizontal two-dimensional array of lithium-drifted silicon (Si(Li)) semiconductor detectors has been developed. The auroral X-ray imager has a 5 × 5 pixel array. The sensor element of one pixel is a Si(Li) detector, the area of which is 1.8 cm × 1.8 cm and the thickness of which is 0.5 cm. Noises of the Si(Li) detectors have been decreased for X-ray measurements. Although the noise signals are too large for X-ray measurements at room temperature, they become much smaller at 5° C. Thus, accurate X-ray measurements by the Si(Li) detectors are fully possible at such a low temperature. In observations by a stratospheric balloon, cooling of the Si(Li) detectors can be made by dissipation of heat to a low-temperature environment. A heat-pipe has been used to cool the Si(Li) detectors. The energy range of the auroral X-rays to be observed is from 37 to 200 keV. The horizontal two-dimensional array of the Si(Li) detectors has been placed in a pinhole collimator. The angular resolution corresponding to one pixel of the auroral X-ray imager is 15° at the central pixel. The total field of view of the imager is 62°.
__label__0, An ultrahigh-vacuum chamber has been built which can be coupled to a diffractometer via a rotary feedthrough. X-rays enter and leave the chamber through a large beryllium window. In addition to standard equipment for surface preparation and reflection high-energy electron diffraction, the chamber contains Knudsen evaporation cells for MBE crystal growth. This arrangement allows in situ diffraction experiments to be performed on growing surfaces and thin films.
__label__0, A plasma source fitted with a circular orifice and emitting a space charge limited ion current can be made to operate with a convex spherical plasma boundary (meniscus) by appropriately adjusting its extraction parameters. In this case, the diameter of the virtual source behind the meniscus is much smaller than the orifice diameter. The effective value of this virtual source diameter depends significantly on various practical factors that are more or less controllable. Its lower ideal limit, however, depends only on the ratio δ of the interelectrode distance to the meniscus curvature radius and on the ratio ω of the initial to final ion energy. This ideal limit is given for the ranges 0.1 ⩽ δ ⩽ 10 and 10−7 ⩽ ω ⩽ 10−3. Preliminary experimental results are reported.
__label__0, A large area (1 m × 2 m) multiple sampling ionization chamber (MUSIC) has been constructed and tested. The MUSIC detector makes multiple measurements of energy “loss”, dE/dx, for a relativistic heavy ion. Given the velocity, the charge of the ion can be extracted from the energy loss distributions. The widths of the distributions we observe are much narrower than predicted by Vavilov's theory for energy loss while agreeing well with the theory of Badhwar which deals with the energy deposited. The versatile design of MUSIC allows a variety of anode configurations which results in a large dynamic range of charge. In our tests to date we have observed charge resolutions of 0.25e fwhm for 727 MeV/nucleon 40 A and 0.30e fwhm for 1.08 GeV/nucleon 139 La and 139 La fragments . Vertical position and multiple track determination are obtained by using time projection chamber electronics. Preliminary tests indicate that the position resolution is also very good with α ≅ 100 μm.
__label__0, A two multilayer X-ray mirror system has been developed to focus 8 keV X-rays from a synchrotron X-ray source. The system uses a Kirkpatrick-Baez mirror geometry and the mirrors are made by sputtering carbon and tungsten layers on spherical optical mirror substrates. A focused X-ray spot 40 μm wide by 10 μm high was obtained using an 8 keV X-ray beam from a wiggler beamline at the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory. Similar mirror systems may be useful for microprobe and small sample experiments using both synchrotron and laboratory sources.
__label__0, The UA2 experiment at CERN is currently upgrading its apparatus to take advantage of the higher accelerator luminosity to be provided from November 1987. The first large particle tracking detector using scintillating optical fibres will form a major part of this upgrade. The detector is built by the Cambridge, CERN and Saclay groups.
__label__0, The effect on optical guiding of the undulations of an electron beam in an FEL is investigated, and a model for a fully saturated FEL amplifier with no remaining gain is developed. The density of the electrom beam in the model fully includes the effects of both transverse and longitudinal undulation of the beam. The longitudinal density modulation is expressed in terms of the Bessel functions of ζ, where ζ = a w 2 2(1 + a w 2 ) is the shift of the electron phase in the electron bucket caused by its longitudinal undulation. The transverse density modulation is evaluated to second order in the ratio of undulation amplitude δr to beam radial scale length rb. The radiation field from the modeled beam is calculated in terms of spatial modes proportional to exp[i(k + δk + lkw)z − iωt], where l is an arbitrary integer. Here, δk is the change of the wavenumber of the radiation caused by the electron bunches. Radially radiating modes with intensity on the order of ( δk k w )ζ 2 are found. Optical guiding is found to be modified by the transverse undulations of the beam at second order in δr r b , and by the longitudinal undulations to first order in δk k w . For the usual FEL parameters, the correction is quite small.
__label__0, A plastic scintillator, doped with p-terphenyl and 3-hydroxyflavone fluors in a polyvinyltoluene base, and heated in an argon atmosphere to accelerate recovery, has significant radiation resistance.
__label__0, PIN diodes offer a number of advantages over ion chambers and other X-ray detectors in size, signal-to-noise ratio, collection efficiency, dynamic range, and ultrahigh vacuum compatibility. We have measured the response of several commercially available PIN diodes in the X-ray region of 3.5–11 keV on the Naval Research Laboratory's Materials Analysis Beam Line (X-23B) at the National Synchrotron Light Source [J.P. Kirkland, D.J. Nagel and P.L. Cowan, Nucl. Instr. and Meth. 208 (1983) 49]. We analyze the results of these measurements with respect to the construction of these devices, and discuss various synchrotron applications.
__label__0, There are various areas of synchrotron radiation research, particularly EXAFS on dilute solutions and anomalous scattering, which would strongly benefit from the availability of energy dispersive detector arrays having energy resolution of better than 300 eV at 6 keV and spatial resolution of 1 mm or better. The goal of this development project is to produce a robust ten-element submodule which possesses these characteristics and can be aggregated into larger arrays of 100–400 elements and arbitrary geometric shape. We report here on the project's current status. Major effort has occurred in several areas. We have developed techniques for producing multielement arrays on HgI2 and constructed a testing system to evaluate our initial ideas for miniaturizing the array processing electronics. We have combined fiber optics with pulsed optical resetting in a novel way in order to be able to employ this reset scheme in the physically dense array environment. We present the results of crosstalk testing using this new scheme, as well as electronic-noise and energy-resolution results on a recently fabricated HgI2 detector array. Finally, we describe our current progress in eliminating charge division between neighboring detector elements through the use of entrance window masking.
__label__0, A multipurpose heavy-ion accelerator system has been constructed to generate beams for material science, atomic physics and nuclear solid-state physics. The system consists of a 1.6-MV tandem, a high energy gain ( E out E in = 10 ) and a low energy gain ( E out E in = 1.4 ) Wideröe linear accelerator with an IH structure. The accelerating characteristics have been studied, and operation experiences during the last 18 months are reported.
__label__0, Design, construction and performance characteristics of the streamer chambers for the central muon detector at CDF are described. A single hit TDC is used for measurements in the drift (azimuth) direction while charge division is used for measurements along the sense wire (pseudorapidity). The chambers operate in the limited streamer mode with a 50%/50% ratio of argon/ethane bubbled through ethanol. Measurements in a cosmic ray test stand, pion test beam and as part of the CDF detector indicate that an rms resolution of 250 μm in the drift direction and an rms resolution of 1.2 mm along the sense wire are attainable.
__label__0, The technique of producing trapezoidal signals by means of a modified version of the DL-RC filter, which proved to work successfully when applied to gamma spectroscopy with large volume germanium detectors [1], has been extended to particle spectroscopy. The trapezoidal pulses, synthesized for particle energy measurements, have a flat top of 70 ns and a total duration of 270 ns. A fast stretcher was designed in order to properly process these short signals. A description of the trapezoidal DL-RC shaper, as well as of the fast linear gate and stretcher is given.
__label__0, Beam line 4B at TRIUMF has been modified to allow production of polarized proton beams of all polarization components (normal, sideways and longitudinal). This was achieved by the installation of two 2.4 T m superconducting solenoids in the cyclotron vault section of the beam line. It was also required to be able to rotate one vault quadrupole. It was found that for longitudinal polarization in beam line 4B the twister could no longer be operated as a unit section. The standard achromatic and dispersed modes of operation of beam lines 4A and 4B are still available.
__label__0, In this letter we describe a device useful in obtaining two-dimensional information from low intensity beams of ionizing radiation. It consists of an anode wire plane (to provide charge amplification), a gating plane (to control the flow of charge through the chamber), and a cathode plane for collecting charge. With a prototype chamber we have obtained 1 mm × 1 mm resolution with 48×48 pixels, and a sensitivity to single 6 keV X-ray events.
__label__0, Multilayered thin film ferromagnetic shutters for ultracold neutrons are investigated. The shutters are manufactured by the method of thermal evaporation from special isotopic mixtures of ferromagnetic metals. The obtained depth of modulation of the neutron flux is ∼ 14, the transmission through the opened shutter is 0.36. The shutter is used for time-of-flight correlation measurement of the spectrum of neutrons transmitted through the neutron interference filter.
__label__0, We discuss the application to collider experiments of electron identification by the detection of synchrotron radiation. The design of the synchrotron radiation detector being constructed for the AMY experiment at TRISTAN is described, and results of simulation studies of the anticipated performance of this device are reported.
__label__0, A new analysis of the low frequency flute modes for the large ion orbit migma configuration is reported. Results are given for the triple delta distribution function of ions. The theory for the m = 1 mode shows an important reduction of the instability gap, when compared with conventional small Larmor radius treatments. The Migma IV experiment, which did not experience flute instability, was well within the unstable density range of thermal plasma calculations, and partially overlaps or lies below the unstable gap of the new theory. The second part of the paper considers microinstabilities. An explanation of the stabilization, by a negative bias potential, of the Harris instability observed in Migma IV is suggested. A localized unstable radial mode driven by ion counterstreaming at the center is discussed. Single particle orbit behavior for finite p2 has been studied to ascertain losses that may arise due to stochasticity. Results indicate accurate conservation of the adiabatic invariant for orbits with axial energy up to 25% of the total kinetic energy. Finally, some stability problems of the high density diamagnetic migma regime are outlined.
__label__0, The scheme of a station with three parallel horizontal axes for X-ray synchrotron topography is suggested. The possibility of shifting the axis of the first monochromator along the direction of the SR beam, while the second and the third axes are stationary in the horizontal plane outside the primary beam, allows one to carry out different precise methods for dispersion and nondispersion diffraction geometries.
__label__0, Targets composed of free ions or free electrons are of interest mainly for atomic collision experiments. The present article describes ways to build and characterize such targets. The main differences in comparison with conventional targets are discussed.
__label__0, A review will be presented of methods for producing thin boron films in high-vacuum processes applying electron bombardment and resistive heating to evaporate the boron. Previous papers have noted the problem of sputtering of the boron source during the evaporation. A method for reducing sputter-coating will be described.
__label__0, Neutron-producing reactions (1 keV < En < 19 MeV) have been investigated with respect to the neutron background production employing the time-of-flight method with pulsed proton or deuteron beams from the Van de Graaff accelerator. The largest fraction of background for the reaction T(d, n)4He results from a high impurity of deuterium in some solid Ti(T) targets, while other background components can be almost completely taken into account by a blank target measurement. Self-target build-up was observed for a regularly used Ti(D) target, while for the T(p, n)3He reaction neutron-scattering at the target material, which could be determined only to some extent by varying the backing thickness, was found to be a significant effect. The problems with LiF and metallic Li as target materials for the 7Li(p, n)7Be reaction are discussed. In order to match the desired resonance in the 45Sc(p, n)45Ti reaction, the energy of the protons must be precisely determined by neutron time-of-flight measurements.
__label__0, We present a method for the absolute calibration of analyzing powers in elastic scattering of spin - 1 2 particles from spin-0 targets. The calibration is obtained from a double-scattering experiment with polarized beam. Using asymmetry ratios largely eliminates the systematic uncertainties due to the energy and angle dependence of the analyzing power.
__label__0, Installation of compressed geometry acceleration tubes and associated changes in the corona voltage grading system have resulted in significant improvement in voltage performance of the Oak Ridge 25URC tandem accelerator. Details of the final phase of this work and initial tests on the modified accelerator are provided.
__label__0, The eight neutron detectors described in the preceding paper have been calibrated with tagged neutrons from the reaction π−d → nn for Tn = 83–290 MeV. The neutron detection coefficient λ is (8.7 ± 0.2) × 10−3/(cm path length) at 83 MeV and decreases monotonically to (7.6 ± 0.5) × 10−3/(cm path length) at 290 MeV. Measurements were made repeatedly for different configurations to show the internal consistency of the data. Our results are in good agreement with the calibration data for neutron counters reported by Betti et al. but not with the work of Strong et al. Our data support the energy dependence of the efficiencies calculated by the Kent State University neutron efficiency code.
__label__0, The design and performance of a fine-grain detector with a mass of 20 tons, composed of liquid scintillator and proportional drift chamber planes, are described.
__label__0, Monte Carlo simulations are presented using the CALOR code system to study the design of a large hybrid hadron calorimeter system employing a warm liquid active medium (tetramethylsilane, Si(CH3)4) and uranium plates in addition to a conventional Fe/plastic system. In the system described here, the uranium provides partial compensation by suppressing the electromagnetic cascade produced by incident electrons due to sampling inefficiencies. The results of the simulations also indicate that significant compensation is achieved (given small enough saturation) due to low energy recoil protons produced in collisions with low energy (1–20 MeV) cascade and fission neutrons in the active medium. Both compensation mechanisms are important to help balance the response of a calorimeter to incident electrons and hadrons, that is, to achieve a ratio of pulse heights ( e h ≈ 1 ) which will lead to th best energy resolution.
__label__0, The mechanical design and the readout electronics of a cylindrical drift chamber for the H1 experiment at the HERA electron-proton collider is described. The chamber meets the special requirements of the ep-physics (thin endwalls, momentum resolution of σ p ⊥ p ⊥ 2 ∼ 3×10 −3 GeV −1 and double track resolution of ≈ 2.5 mm) and has a high bunch repetition rate (96 ns).
__label__0, We report on a UA1 technical run made with four nitrogen lasers mounted on the UA1 Central Detector during the 1987 proton-antiproton collider run. With only moderate laser power (< 7 μJ/mm2) and the help of gas seeding (1 ppb of tetra-methyl-phenylene-diamine [TMPD]) straight 2 m calibration tracks can be produced. The unexpected effect of track fading under high luminosity conditions was observed. A model is presented explaining this phenomenon, which is based on the removal of neutral TMPD molecules from the drift volume via positive ion charge exchange.
__label__0, Ion beams of Ar+, Kr+ and Xe+ with 45 KeV/u after acceleration through the RFQ accelerator at GSI were focused onto a small spot of ≈ 1 m
__label__0, A split coaxial RFQ with modulated vanes is being developed at INS for acceleration of the unstable and stable nuclei with a charge-to-mass ratio large
__label__0, A quasi-electromagnetic 2.5D code is used to simulate the dynamics of ions and electrons in accelerating structures comprising insulating double-magnet
__label__0, An ideal rf photocathode gun in a π-mode configuration supporting only a single mode with no nonlinear rf field is studied numerically by using the simulation code PARMELA. For a given electron bunch, the normalized emittance can be minimized. Both the minimum normalized emittance and the optimized accelerating field are proportional to the square root of the peak current. Three possible rf photocathode guns for LLNL-SLAC-LBL 1 GeV test are simulated. It is found that both a 2 ps half-width bunch and a 6 ps half-width bunch with the transverse emittance roughly 8–17 mmm mrad and 1 nC charge per bunch can be generated by guns with (1) ƒ = 1269 MHz , E0 = 30 MV/m; (2) ƒ = 1269 MHz , E0 = 60 MV/m; and (3) ƒ = 2856 MHz , E0 = 60 MV/m. Here, ƒ is the rf frequency, and E0 is the peak accelerating field.
__label__0, An analytical approach for computation of charge signals on wires and parallel cathode strips for MWPCs with a finite number of wires is described. We obtain a system of linear equations for unknown induced charges with a symmetric positive-definite matrix which can be solved easily. An analytical expression for the time dependence of induced charges at short times can then be derived. The finite size of the ion cloud can also be taken into account. By simultaneously measuring the charge signals of wires left and right of the avalanche wire and also on both cathodes, the width of the ion cloud surrounding the wire can be obtained.
__label__0, A 55 meter spherical grating monochromator has been completed at the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory (SSRL). The monochromator includes a unique capability for water cooled gratings, and is presently operating with a fused silica grating from 180 to 820 eV. A resolution of 60 meV has been achieved at 400 eV, inferred from the linewidths of the nitrogen 1s-π∗ resonance. A photon flux of 4 × 1010 photon/s has been observed at 440 eV and 40 mA ring current (and with 0.5 eV resolution). It is expected that this flux value will improve by a factor of approximately 10–30 when a full-performance condensing system is installed later this year.
__label__0, A 1 MHz high modularity electronic system for large-volume detectors in the search for neutrino bursts from stellar collapses has been developed. Technical details and final results of tests performed on the prototypes are presented.
__label__0, In principle, a finite-element calculation of a magnetic or electrostatic structure has now achieved an accuracy that is difficult to check experimentally. However, incidental errors may occur in practice due to shortcomings in the computer itself, in the program or in the initial setting up of the data. Some common errors, culled from the literature, are reviewed; ways of recognising their presence are suggested. Some test structures and computing procedures are also put forward for estimating the accuracy of a particular calculation. A software “BH Tester ” has been devised that is intended to help the operator to check default BH curves that may be stored in the computer. This can also be used to exercise a given program at its limits and hence reveal any weaknesses. Finally, a series of tests has been carried out to assess the relative merits, in speed and accuracy, of the Gaussian elimination method of solving the matrix equations and that of the imcomplete Cholesky conjugate gradient (ICCG) method.
__label__0, The discrete space charge effects in electron beams are studied and a statistical dynamics equation of the ensemble of beam electrons is derived. An approximated analytical solution of this equation is given. This equation has been applied to beam crossover and field-emission and thermal-emission gun problems. The computer calculation results agree on the whole with those of Monte Carlo simulation and experimental data.
__label__0, The energy spectrum of conversion electrons (976 keV) from 207Bi has been measured by an ionization chamber filled with pure or allene-doped liquid argon. The collected charge in allene-doped liquid argon was increased compared to that in pure liquid argon. The resolution was not improved by doping liquid argon with allene in high electric fields, but it was improved in low fields. This indicates that the recombination process is not a main cause of the observed resolutions. The best resolution was about 30 keV which is the same as the best value obtained so far. This is several times worse than the theoretical ultimate value based on the Fano factor.
__label__0, Ionization chambers filled with liquids at room temperature have begun to be implemented in high-energy physics for total-ionization calorimeters and offer potential applications in medical physics for dosimetry and imaging of radiotherapy beams. One liquid that is commonly used is 2,2,4,4 tetramethyl pentane (TMP). When suitably purified, the lifetime of electrons in this liquid can be on the order of microseconds, and the mobility is high enough to allow the rapid collection of charge when desirable. In all of these applications, the susceptibility of the liquid to radiation damage is an important question. We present results of studies of radiation damage in TMP and the effect of doses of ∼6000 Gy on the electron lifetime and on the output per unit dose. Our experience in purifying the TMP to optimize the electron lifetime is also described.
__label__0, An alternative method for collecting air samples and determining concentrations of SO2 was investigated. Air samplings were done using low-cost air pumps and 37 mm filters. SO2 was collected on filters impregnated with 5% sodium carbonate and 5% glycerol. Two types of filters were used, i.e., membrane (Millipore type AA) and cellulose (Whatman no. 42). Two ED-XRF systems were used. The first consisted of a 0.74 GBq (20 mCi) 55Fe source, a Xe-filled proportional counter with a Be window and an MCA. Measurements were done in free air and K X-rays of 2.308 keV S were counted. The minimum detectable quantity of S on the filter was found to be about 30 μg on both types of filters. The second system was the XR-200 model by LINK. The minimum detectable quantity of S in this case was found to be about 6 μg on the cellulose filter and 1.5 μg on the membrane filter. Field tests were performed at a tobacco curing plant and the results were very promising.
__label__0, It is desirable to utilize all available alpha-particle, beta-particle, and gamma-ray data when determining emission probabilities. Additional constraints from the decay scheme should also be considered. All data can be included in a fully constrained, covariance analysis to obtain a self-consistent set of emission probabilities. Renormalization of data measured on separate relative probability scales will also be discussed.
__label__0, A TRW-led industrial team has designed a high-power free electron laser for the White Sands Missile Range to investigate transmission of high average optical power through the atmosphere.
__label__0, The operation of the Vivitron electrostatic accelerator, which was designed in 1981 and has been under construction at the CRN since 1985, needs a dedicated process control system. The study and design of this control system started in 1987. Little knowledge is available in this field for electrostatic accelerators. The timing problems are generally small but the Vivitron specific structure, with seven porticos (large field-shaping shields) in the tank and sophisticated beam handling in the terminal, requires control equipment operating inside the tank under extremely severe conditions. Several steps are necessary to achieve the full control system. Some tests in the existing MP accelerator, used as a pilot machine, supplied practical information about the environment inside the accelerator tank. They also provided better knowledge of the beam behavior, especially inside the accelerator tube.
__label__0, We are replacing the computers which support the CAMAC crates in the Fermilab accelerator control system. We want a significant performance increase, but we still want to be able to service scores of different varieties of CAMAC cards in a manner essentially transparent to console applications software. Our new architecture is based on symmetric multiprocessing. Several processors on the same bus, each running identical software, work simultaneously at satisfying different pieces of a console's request for data. We dynamically adjust the load between the processors. We can obtain more processing power by simply plugging in more processors cards and rebooting. We describe in this paper what we believe to be the interesting architectural features of the new front-end computers. We also note how we use some of the advanced features of the Multibus™ II bus and the Intel 80386 processor design to achieve reliability and expandability of both hardware and software.
__label__0, The James Clerk Maxwell Telescope and the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope are state-of-the-art submillimeter and infrared facilities operated by the Joint Astronomy Centre at the 14000 ft summit of Mauna Kea in Hawaii. The real-time control of these telescopes has to account for the continually moving source, the earth's motion and the effects of the earth's atmosphere. The control of the entire system has to consider interaction and synchronisation between telescope and instruments, the high data-rate of some instruments, and an astronomical signal several orders of magnitude fainter than the background. Both control systems are implemented using the Astronomical Data Acquisition and Monitoring (ADAM) system. ADAM comprises a set of tools that allows the development of multiple interacting tasks which control the telescope and instruments, direct the overall operation and interact with the user. ADAM, a developing standard within the British astronomical community, is in use at sites around the world and allows the transport of systems and subsystems between sites with little modification. The problems of telescope and instrument control are considered here, together with a brief description of the interface to users and the philosophy of ADAM.
__label__0, The 6 MV tandem accelerator which is being constructed at SINR is a home-made upright machine. All major parts of this machine are designed, studied and constructed at our institute. The design considerations and parameters of the 6 MV tandem accelerator were reported in previous papers [1, 2]. The design features of the generator, beam optic system, vacuum system and primary test results are represented in this paper.
__label__0, We used the cyclotron facility of the Joint Research Centre at Ispra (Varese) in order to investigate the performance of a cryogenic bolometric detector under proton irradiation, as a simulation of the operating conditions on a satellite, during the crossing of the Van Allen Belts. We investigated the radiation hardness of the composite bolometer with 12 MeV protons, after calibration in the energy range 12–38 MeV. We found that, contrary to photoconductors, the performance of the cryogenic composite bolometer is not significantly affected by radiation, at the doses expected in the Van Allen Belts.
__label__0, An rf gun injector is being developed in the Institute of High Energy Physics, Academia Sinica. It will be used for a 30 MeV, 2856 MHz disk-loaded travelling-wave linac to drive the Beijing free electron laser (BFEL). It consists of an rf thermionic gun with a LaB6 cathode and an achromatic but nonisochronic alpha magnet serving as the momentum filter. The transverse and longitudinal dynamics of a single electron bunch were simulated using SUPERFISH and PARMELA. The injector performance was examined in the light of the simulation results.
__label__0, New neutron detection methods using the 3HeNe lasing are proposed. These methods are mainly based on two types of lasing: nuclear pumped laser (NPL) and radiation triggered laser (RTL). In the NPL mode, the charged particles produced by neutron reactions directly excite the laser gas, and then the lasing occurs. The direct NPL output power and the optical gain are available as signals to measure the thermal neutron flux. In the RTL mode, the neutron irradiation raises the discharge of the laser gas when a specific voltage is applied, and then the lasing occurs. This method is based on the variation of the lasing voltage by the neutron irradiation. Experimental results, obtained for both of these two methods, show the feasibility of a new neutron detection system, using the laser light signal, and which can be applied to in-core neutron monitoring in the fission reactor.
__label__0, A systematic study of primary ionization cluster counting (PCC) at low gas pressures is presented with potential application to relativistic charged particle identification and to soft X-ray spectroscopy. The method is based on the amplification and counting of electron clusters, deposited in a low-pressure gas medium, with a multistep avalanche electron multiplier. Systematic ionization density measurements were performed with relativistic electrons and a UV laser. Various processes involved in the electron transport at low reduced electric fields were studied, such as cluster dissociation, cluster overlap and electron attachment or recombination. The impact of these processes on the statistical distribution of the number of counted clusters was investigated. The experimental results are compared with detailed Monte Carlo simulations.
__label__0, Design characteristics of a proposed charge amplifying pixel detector based on floating base transistors are presented. The thin detector (∼ 100 μm Si) should yield multiparticle resolution of the order of 100 μm in both directions and spatial resolution better than 5 μm while producing a minimum of multiple scattering.
__label__0, An evaluation is presented of neutron-induced reaction cross sections on 20Ne in the energy range 1–30 MeV. The theoretical nuclear model and the
__label__0, The simulation of a silicon microstrip detector at the center of the D0 detector at the Fermilab Tevatron collider is described. The efficiency of a silicon vertex detector for identifying b-quark jets in a “non-magnetic” detector such as D0 is investigated. For a position resolution of 10 μm the gluon/b-jet rejection factor is estimated to be 25 for a b-jet efficiency of 25%. The detection of top quarks in the presence of background from high pT W boson production is studied.
__label__0, We have successfully vectorized a track reconstruction program which is currently used to reconstruct the trajectories of charged particles in the VENUS central drift chamber installed at one of the colliding sections of the e+e− collider, TRISTAN. Applying the program to multi-hadronic events observed with the VENUS detector, we attain a processing time shorter than that of the original scaler version by a factor of 1 11 ( 1 57 ) on the S810/10 (S820/80) HITAC supercomputer. The algorithm developed for the present vectorization can be applied to track reconstruction for detectors in the environment of large charged multiplicity and intense beam luminosity of future higher-energy colliders.
__label__0, A large-area fast-timing detector (effective area of 1380 mm2) especially suited for use as a stop detector has been developed. Secondary electrons from a thin foil are accelerated in an electric field and then deflected by 90° onto a microchannel plate using an electrostatic mirror. The detection efficiency for 5.5 MeV α-particles was found to be 91%. An intrinsic time resolution (FWHM) of 60 ps for 85 MeV 16O ions (due to the transit time spread of secondary electrons between the foil and the microchannel plate) was obtained.
__label__0, Axial exploration of the plasma in a multicharged ECR CAPRICE ion source was performed with a Langmuir probe and a thermocouple. The hot electron density profile is hollow at the center and the density peaks are found near the electron cyclotron resonance zones. When the plasma density increases, the microwave heating occurs between the ECR zone and the upper-hybrid resonance. The axial electron density profiles appear to be modulated in space and the gaps between two current peaks equal 1 2 of the injected wavelength. The CAPRICE ion source performances are achieved when the resonance zones coincide with the peaks of modulation of the electric field distribution in the plasma chamber. This process enables us to rationally optimize all the CAPRICE sources. These results could be explained by the presence of standing waves in the plasma cavity and the dominance of the electromagnetic TEM mode when the plasma density increases.
__label__0, Capillaries with a liquid scintillator used for high resolution tracking detectors have been investigated. The highest scintillation efficiency, 1.5 times higher than that of a standard polystyrene scintillator, has been attained for the solution of 1-methylnaphthalene with pyrasoline type dye MDP. The time properties of this liquid scintillator and locality of light emission have been studied. Light attenuations in quartz capillaries of different diameters have been measured. For the optimal concentration of MDP the attenuation lengths for capillaries of 30 and 60 μm in diameter were 41 cm and 53 cm, respectively. For high resolution tracking detectors capillaries with a liquid scintillator are quite competitive with plastic fibres.
__label__0, The asymptotic expressions for the spectral-angular distribution of radiation are found in the limit αγ ⪢ 1, where γ is the relativistic parameter and α is the maximal angular deviation of the electron velocity. The radiation distribution is obtained in an associated coordinate system moving with the average charge velocity and is then transformed to the laboratory coordinate system.
__label__0, High-precision methods for the determination of the surface and volume structural perfection of crystals using synchrotron radiation are discussed.
__label__0, The layout of a photochemistry station which is intended to be installed on the beam line of VEPP-2M (the positron direction is assumed) is described. MCP windows allow one to work at a summary gas pressure in the reaction chamber of up to 105 Pa. At present the elements of the beam line on VEPP-2M are being fabricated.
__label__0, The theory of X-ray propagation through tapered waveguides is developed. Expressions are obtained for the ultimate gain in the flux density of X-ray radiation, taking into account losses in waveguide walls. Experiments are carried out with both the dihedral and the conical waveguide, and a considerable gain in the flux density of radiation is observed.
__label__0, Various changes have been made in two electron beam sources to make them more suitable for target preparation. The beam spot size has been made more flexible and the accessibility to some of the component parts has been improved.
__label__0, The CERN linear collider (CLIC) [W. Schnell, Proc. Workshop on Physics of Linear Colliders, Capri, 1988, eds. l. Palumbo, S. Tazzari and V.G. Vaccaro (1989) p. 345] is a two-beam-accelerator (TBA) scheme in which the driving beam consists of an intense 3 to 5 GeV electron beam bunched at 30 GHz. One possible way to produce this drive beam is to start with a low-energy (or order 10 MeV), high-current (about 5 kA) beam from an induction linac. In passing through a wiggler, this beam is bunched at 30 GHz into micropulses, each with about 1012 electrons. To construct the format required for the CLIC drive beam, the bunched beam is subsequently chopped at 350 MHz. It is then accelerated to 3 to 5 GeV in an rf linac driven by conventional, low-frequency klystrons. Rf power is extracted at the bunch frequency of 30 GHz and fed into high-gradient structures to accelerate electron or positron beams to TeV energies. The drive beam is repeatedly reaccelerated in 350 MHz superconducting cavities.
__label__0, An instability of the sheet relativistic electron beam (REB) in the planar waveguide, partially filled with a dielectric, is investigated. The dispersion equation is derived and analyzed for a monoenergetic magnetized beam. It is shown that under certain conditions a high-order mode may become dominant in the instability spectrum.
__label__0, Some comparisons are made between the FEL and conventional lasers, and the state-of-the-art is described for laser systems with regard to peak-power capability, short-wavelength operation, and tunability. FELs will be most useful in those portions of the electromagnetic spectrum where conventional lasers are not readily available, and the most likely FEL laboratory instrument will be for far-infrared radiation.
__label__0, A multiwire proportional counter (MWPC) coupled to a BaF2 crystal has been tested at atmospheric pressure for the detection of 511 keV photons. If TMAE is used as a photosensitive agent, we found that addition of H2O vapour to the chamber gas is very well suited for the detection of single-photoelectrons. Encouraging first results were also obtained with caesium iodide photocathodes.
__label__0, Microstrip silicon detectors with orthogonal readout on opposite sides have been designed and fabricated. The active area of each device is 25 cm2 and the strip pitch is 25 μm on the junction side and 50 μm on the opposite ohmic side. A space resolution of 15 μm on the junction side (100 μm readout pitch) and 24 μm on the ohmic side (200 μm readout pitch) has been measured. We also report on AC-coupling chips, designed and fabricated in order to allow AC connection of the strips to the amplifiers. These chips are 6.4 × 5.0 mm2 and have 100 μm pitch. Both AC-couplers and detectors have been installed as part of the ALEPH minivertex.
__label__0, The main aims and characteristics of the ANI experimental complex are presented. The setup is intended for investigations of interactions from cosmic ray hadrons and nuclei in the energy range 103–105 TeV.
__label__0, A technique for reducing the microphonic noise in a germanium spectrometer used in dark matter particles searches is described. Filtered energy spectra, corresponding to 48.5 kg day of data in a running experiment in the Canfranc tunnel are presented. Improvements of this filtering procedure with respect to the method of rejecting those events not distributed evenly in time are also discussed.
__label__0, Ever since the first diagnostic X-ray was done in the United States on February 3, 1896, the application of ionizing radiation to the field of medicine has become increasingly important. Both in clinical medicine and basic research the use of X-rays for diagnostic imaging and radiotheraphy is now widespread. Radiography, angiography, CAT and PETT scanning, mammography, and nuclear medicine are all examples of technologies developed to image the human anatomy. In therapeutic applications, both external and internal sources of radiation are applied to the battle against cancer. The development of dedicated synchrotron radiation sources has allowed exciting advances to take place in many of these applications. The new sources provide tunable, high-intensity monochromatic beams over a wide range of energies which can be tailored to specific programmatc needs. This paper surveys those areas of medical research in which synchrotron radiation facilities are actively involved.
__label__0, The NJFET-PMOS monolithic preamplifier system JAMEX64 is now available in three versions: they differ in the power consumption and in the minimum gate length of the NJFETs. The most recent version employs short channel NJFETs (L = 1.6 μm), to open-up the possibility of extending the range of application of the system to accelerators of bunch-crossing in the 100 ns range. The paper describes the weighting function associated with the JAMEX64 analog channels and compares the results of the theoretical noise analysis with the experimental measurements of the equivalent noise charge.
__label__0, The spectra of e+, e− particles, generated by the peripheral interactions of fully stripped heavy ions crossing in a collider, are examined in detail. Particular attention is paid to the energy, momentum, rapidity, and angular distribution of the emitted particles. In addition, the double differential cross section is calculated for a range of rapidity and perpendicular projections of the lepton momenta. The results given here provide a definitive study of e+, e− backgrounds for detectors at heavy-ion colliders.
__label__0, Using a 252Cf neutron source we have calibrated the response of Ge detectors to fast neutrons and deduced the expression for determination of the flux of fast environmental neutrons based on the intensity of the spectral structure at 691.3 keV. We also suggest an approximate expression for estimation of the flux of environmental thermal neutrons from the intensity of the 139.9 keV line.
__label__0, As the free-electron laser (FEL) has several excellent features, such as high efficiency, high power, short pulse duration, and wavelength tunability, a very wide range of industrial applications is contemplated. In the near future, fabrication of integrated circuits, including quantum processing and lithography, will be highly supported by short-wavelength FELs. Photochemistry also may become dependent on FELs operating in the ultraviolet (UV) through the extreme ultraviolet (XUV). Isotope separation of elements such as U. Gd. B. Sr. and Ti by use of an FEL is a promising application in nuclear engineering. Various photoanalyses and measurements for industry are anticipated.
__label__0, The first experimental demonstration of a harmonic free-electron laser amplifier utilizing a periodic position instability is described for a planar wiggler configuration. The interaction occurs at the even harmonics of the fundamental. A maximum gain of 7 dB was observed over a frequency band ranging from 14–15 GHz. The experimental results are compared with predictions from the three-dimensional simulation code WIGGLIN with excellent agreement.
__label__0, A simple analytical model of electromagnet wigglers for free electron lasers has been derived from a magnetic circuit transmission line. The model can deal with the problems of leakage from core to core, the effects of size and position of the exciting coils, and takes account of the finite permeability of the magnet iron. The onset of saturation effects can be predicted.
__label__0, Image plates based on photostimulable X-ray storage phosphors establish a promissing alternative to conventionally utilized two-dimensional X-ray detectors. These image plates consist of a layer of powdered X-ray storage phosphor, usually the alkaline-earth halide BaFBr:Eu2+, mixed with an organic binder and mounted on a polymeric film. Upon absorption of ionizing radiation, electrons and holes are produced efficiently. Both species are trapped in the immediate surrounding of their creation thereby forming a latent image. The readout of this image occurs by photostimulation whereby the trapped electrons are liberated and recombine radiatively with the trapped holes under emission of Eu2+ light. In the present paper the principle of the imaging system is introduced followed by a brief review of the underlying physics explaining the nature of the involved traps and the mechanism of photostimulation. Advantages and disadvantages of image plate detectors and their physical nature are discussed and possible improvements suggested. Present and future fields of application are presented.
__label__0, For purposes of scientific research, an L-band FEL injector was proposed at the China Institute of Atomic Energy (CIAE) some time ago [X.L. Zhai et al., Nucl. Instr. and Meth. A296 (1990) 684]. It consists of an electron gun, one subharmonic buncher (108 MHz), a fundamental buncher (1300 MHz), an accelerating section, a microwave power source and diagnostic devices. The design goal was to produce electrons at an energy of 20 MeV at a micropulse current of up to 50 A and a micropulse length of 10–20 ps. Now the injector (including the buncher) is complete and testing is under way. This paper describes preliminary results and reports the status of the injector.
__label__0, It is suggested that an optical klystron FEL operating in a waveguide could provide a compact source of mm wave and far infrared radiation with both a low voltage and a low electron beam requirement. As a first step in determining the feasibility of this suggestion, a method of calculating the small signal gain of a waveguide optical klystron is outlined and some results are presented.
__label__0, We study the evolution of the optical pulse in a Cherenkov free electron laser (C-FEL), in which bunched electron beams interact with TM0n modes in a dielectric slab waveguide. A new derivation of the pulse propagation equation for the C-FEL is presented and the results of a numerical simulation are discussed. Using the parameters of an ENEA experiment, we study the anti-lethargy and other pulse propagation effects characteristic in the C-FEL.
__label__0, We report the first operation of a compact free-electron laser at wavelengths in the range between 2 and 2.6 mm with an output power up to 1 kW in 4 μs pulses. The innovative characteristic of this device, driven by a 2.3 MeV microtron, is its considerable small size, obtained by using a short undulator with a 2.5 cm period and a length of 22.5 cm.
__label__0, For the determination of trace amounts of actinide elements by resonance ionization mass spectroscopy, atomic beams of these elements are produced by evaporation from rhenium substrates. The actinides are deposited by electrolysis as hydroxides in a 2 mm spot on a rhenium foil and covered electrolytically with a thin layer of rhenium or platinum. During heating of such a sandwich reduction occurs to the metallic state while diffusing through the overplated layers and the actinides are evaporated as atoms from the surface. With lead-doped platinum, efficient release is observed already at 1700°C in contrast to rhenium where 2100°C is required and a higher background is produced.
__label__0, We describe a 24-element position-sensitive cylindrical NaI(Tl) detector which allows positron imaging with an on-axis position resolution of 3 cm FWHM and annihilation radiation energy resolution of 13% FWHM. Two such detectors will provide the trigger for the APEX experiment at Argonne National Laboratory, which is exploring anomalous positron and electron production observed in heavy-ion collisions.
__label__0, This is a review on the use of tandem electrostatic accelerators for injection and filling of synchrotrons to accelerate intense beams of heavy ions to relativistic energies. The paper emphasizes the need of operating the tandems in pulsed mode for this application. It has been experimentally demonstrated that at present this type of accelerator still provides the most reliable and best performance.
__label__0, An optical discriminator, sensitive to the impact parameter has been tested in a particle beam. The device is based on the detection of Cherenkov light produced and trapped in a thin spherical crystal shell viewed by a fast photodetector. The detector is only sensitive to charged particles with a nonzero impact parameter relative to the centre of the crystal sphere. A prototype using a LiF crystal has been tested and the experimental results are in agreement with expectations. We outline the foreseen developments in order to use such a detector for a fast selection of B events in fixed-target experiments at proton accelerators. We also discuss the use of the detector as presently conceived for the fast selection of strange particles.
__label__0, Nuclear physics experiments to be conducted at future accelerators will result in the accumulation of vast quantities of data. This paper briefly discusses an object-oriented database (OODB) approach for effectively managing this data and, more importantly, presents an object-based conceptual model of a nuclear physics experiments database as an initial by-product of applying this approach. The database model is provided by an object-relationship diagram (ORD). The concepts and conventions related to an ORD are explained, and the ORDs and associated terminology of the proposed model are given. Two prototypes that are currently being developed based on the model are also briefly discussed. The nuclear physics experiments database model and prototypes result from software research and development efforts associated with the Continuous Electron Beam Accelerator Facility (CEBAF).
__label__0, To guide in the design of an array of acoustic detectors of ultrahigh-energy neutrino interactions leading to electromagnetic cascades in the antarctic ice, estimates of acoustic wave attenuation in the frequency regime 1 to 100 kHz are made. The mechanisms are scattering and reflection at grain boundaries and energy loss due to internal friction. For South Pole ice at −55°C, internal friction is mainly due to proton reorientation and is small enough to permit acoustic waves at all frequencies of interest to propagate through more than 102 m. At frequencies above ∼ 20 kHz the attenuation is mainly due to Rayleigh scattering at grain boundaries. For a mean crystal radius of 0.1 cm at 1 km depth, estimated from available data, it is concluded that, even for a random distribution of c-axes, acoustic waves throughout the frequency regime of interest will lose less than ∼ 1 dB per 100 m at −55°C. Dispersion of arrival time and energy of the acoustic wavefront due to attenuation will not degrade the ability to measure the direction and energy of the cascade.
__label__0, I review the physics prospects for high energy photon photon colliders, emphasizing results presented at the LBL Gamma Gamma Collider Workshop. Advantages and difficulties are reported for studies of QCD, the electroweak gauge sector, supersymmetry, and electroweak symmetry breaking.
__label__0, A generalization of the analytical 3-D gain derivation for an arbitrary free electron laser (FEL) with a Hermite-Gaussian TEM wave is presented for the low gain, small signal regime. The finite emittance and energy spread of the electron beam as well as the orbit distortions and misalignments are rigorously taken into account. The paraxial approximation is used both for the electron beam and the optical wave. The expression for FEL gain is analytically reduced from an integral over eight dimensions to a two dimensional integral along the FEL. Some peculiar FEL modes are used for illustration of this method.
__label__0, A large area microcalorimeter with 95% quantum efficiency at 6 keV has been developed. When fully illuminated, it produces X-ray spectra between 0.5 and 7 keV with an energy resolution of 23 eV. On a smaller, but similar detector, we measure 18 eV. The resolution is obtained at input count rates of 10–50 Hz in real-time with analog pulse processing and thermal pile-up rejection. The detector is incorporated into a compact and portable cryogenic refrigerator system that is ready for use as a tool for analytical spectroscopy.
__label__0, This paper discusses the relocation of counts in multichannel spectra. A method that preserves both the Poisson statistical fluctuation and the shape of the spectra is proposed.
__label__0, The techniques used in the construction of the double-sided ladders for the L3 Silicon Microvertex Detector (SMD) are presented. The detector consists of two cylindrical layers, each of 12 ladders, with double-sided silicon detectors which provide r-phi and z coordinates measurements. This description includes ladder mechanical design and the assembly. A novel solution to readout the z-coordinates is presented. It optimizes very effectively the removal of heat generated by the readout electronics and minimizes the radiation length in the central region. Some results from the survey of the individual ladders are also discussed.
__label__0, Using a current biased 2 μm wide, thin film (Nb0.8V0.2)N superconducting strip operated at 1.4 K, we were able to detect voltage pulses due to the superconducting to normal transition induced by a 55Fe 6 keV X-rays source. At high bias currents the estimated counting efficiency was close to 60%. The detector performance and its potential application for X-rays and minimum ionizing particles detection are discussed in the framework of the recent literature on the subject.
__label__0, The RD22 Collaboration has performed several measurements on the extraction of protons from the CERN-SPS by planar channeling in bent silicon monocrystals. Extraction efficiencies of about 10% have been routinely achieved for a bending angle of 8.5 mrad with the SPS running at 120 GeV.
__label__0, Various theoretical arguments have suggested that exotic states of matter may be formed at sufficiently high energy densities (E > 1–3 GeV/fm3). Under such extreme conditions, which may have been present very shortly after the Big Bang, quarks and gluons would become deconfined forming a quark-gluon plasma (QGP), which would subsequently transform to hadronic and then to nuclear matter. To explore the creation of such new states of matter in the laboratory, and to study their fundamental properties, the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC) is being constructed at Brookhaven National Laboratory. RHIC will accelerate two counter-rotating beams of heavy ions (e.g., Au) to energies of 100 GeV/u each, which will then intersect producing ultra-high energy collisions possibly leading to effective temperatures of 1012–1013 K and densities 5–10 times normal nuclear density. The STAR Collaboration has been formed to design, build, and operate a detector system for RHIC, which will have sufficiently broad capabilities to search for signatures of the QGP and to investigate the behavior of strongly interacting matter at high energy density. Some of the design criteria and the major features of the STAR Detector are described.
__label__0, A two-dimensional data-acquisition system has been applied to a coincidence system composed of a new 4πβ proportional counter operated with CF4 gas and an HPGe detector. This system was capable of measuring the disintegration rates of short half-life nuclides. Making the most merit of this system, the emission probabilities of the principal γ-rays for 128I were measured; they are smaller than the evaluated values by about 25% and the uncertainties have been reduced by more than one order.
__label__0, High-resolution CCD-based imaging detectors are successfully used in X-ray diffraction experiments. Some detectors are commercially available, others have been developed by research groups around the world. Reliable comparison of the performance must be based on thorough testing of all relevant characteristics of these detectors. We describe methods of measurements of detector parameters such as conversion gain, linearity, uniformity, point spread function, geometrical uniformity, dark current, and detective quantum efficiency. As an example for the characterization, test results of a single module fiberoptic taper/CCD X-ray detector will be presented. The projected performance of a large area, array detector consisting of 9 CCDs and fiberoptic taper modules, will be given. This new detector (the “Gold” detector) will be installed on Beamline X8C at the National Synchrotron Light Source at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
__label__0, The results of a beam test are presented concerning the energy resolution of a calorimeter hodoscope prototype of PWO (PbWO4) crystals, measured by electron beams having energies between 0.5 and 2.5 GeV. The hodoscope consists of a 3 × 3 matrix of modules of PWOs having dimensions of 20 mm × 20 mm in cross section and 200 mm in length. The energy dependence of the energy resolution is obtained to be (σ/E GeV )) 2 =((0.0310±0.0011)/ E ( Gev )) 2 +(0.0079±0.0025) 2 , fitted by a quadratic form.
__label__0, A circuit has been designed for digitizing PMT signals over a wide dynamic range (17–18 bits) with 8 bits of resolution at rates up to 53 MHz. Output from the circuit is in a floating point format with a 4 bit exponent and an 8 bit mantissa. The heart of the circuit is a full custom integrated circuit called the QIE (Charge Integrator and Encoder). The design of the QIE and associated circuitry reported here permits operation over a 17 bit dynamic range. Test results of a multirange device are presented for the first time.
__label__0, The Stanford 3-km linear accelerator at SLAC has operated exclusively since early 1992 using a polarized electron beam for its high-energy physics programs. The polarized electron source now consists of a diode-type gun with a strained-lattice GaAs photocathode DC biased at high voltage and excited with circularly polarized photons generated by a pulsed, Ti:sapphire laser system. The electron polarization at the source is > 80%. To date the source has met all the beam requirements of the SLC and fixed target programs with < 5% downtime.
__label__0, Computed results of the 3D magnetic field of a spectrometer intended for investigation of hadron production of charmed particles and the indication of the narrow resonances in neutron-nucleus interactions are presented. The methods used in computations: finite element method and finite element method with suggested new infinite elements are described. For accuracy control the computations were carried out on a sequence of three-dimensional meshes. Special attention is devoted to behaviour of the magnetic field in the basic detectors (proportional chambers) region. The performed results can be used for the field behaviour estimate of similar spectrometer magnets.
__label__0, We are developing a dark matter detector for Weakly Interacting Massive Particles (WIMPs) using Series Arrays of Superconducting Tunnel Junctions (SASTJs) to read out phonon signals from absorber crystals. We discuss the factors which have determined the choice of our detector scheme. As an improvement over previously produced SASTJs using a shadow mask technique, a new fabrication process of high-quality Al/Al-oxide/Al junctions and SASTJs is being developed using photolithography to define the structures. The processing and the electrical characterisation of the first devices produced in this way are described
__label__0, We present test-beam results obtained with a detector designed to measure the energy and lateral position of both electromagnetic and hadronic showers initiated by high energy particles. The detector is a lead/liquid-scintillator “shishkebab” type calorimeter read out by wavelength-shifting fibers arranged in a pixel-type towerless geometry suitable for “calorimetric tracking” of particles in the forward region of collider experiments.
__label__0, We present the layout of a single pass free electron laser (FEL) to be driven by the TESLA Test Facility (TTF) currently under construction at DESY. The TTF is a test-bed for high-gradient, high efficiency superconducting acceleration sections for a future linear collider. Due to its unrivaled ability to sustain high beam quality during acceleration, a superconducting rf linac is considered the optimum choice to drive a FEL. We aim at a photon wavelength of λ = 6 nm utilizing the TTF after it has been extended to 1 GeV beam energy. Due to lack of mirrors and seed-lasers in this wavelength regime, a single pass FEL and self-amplified spontaneous emission (SASE) is considered. A first test is foreseen at a larger photon wavelength. The overall design as well as both electron and photon beam properties are discussed.
__label__0, The COSY-11 installation is an internal experiment at the cooler synchrotron and storage ring COSY Jülich. It has been designed for full geometrical acceptance close to threshold for meson production studies, especially in the 1 GeV/c2 mass range. The experimental setup makes use of a regular C-type COSY dipole magnet, following a cluster target, to separate reaction products from the beam and to analyze their momenta, thus allowing the observation of charged reaction products at small angles with beam energies close to threshold. Resonances will be identified by missing mass reconstructions from measured four-momenta of two outgoing protons in the predominantly studied pp → ppX reaction. In addition, charged mesons either produced directly or from decays of X will be detected. The different components of the experimental facility are presented.
__label__0, The detection efficiency of a solid state ultracold neutron (UCN) detector which works at liquid helium temperature has been improved. The neutron converter was a 6Li/Ti multilayer evaporated onto the surface of a commercial silicon-surface-barrier detector for the charged particles. The advantage of a 6Li/Ti multilayer is that the positive optical potential of 6Li is compensated by the negative potential of Ti. UCNs can therefore penetrate into the neutron converter which transforms neutrons to charged particles. The surface of the neutron converter was coated by a 1800 Å thick Ti layer which prevents lithium from reacting with oxygen in the atmosphere. Ti easily absorbs oxygen during evaporation so that the effect of the Ti negative potential was diminished in our previous detector due to the positive potential of oxygen.
__label__0, Our main purpose is to discuss the convergence of Padé-type approximants to a function which is holomorphic in an open subset Ω of C n (n>1). If n=1, a general method due to Eiermann gives the basic result [6]. This paper contains: (a) the study of some typical cases: Ω is an open polydisk centered at 0 and Ω= C n; (b) an answer to the question whether the approximation of a holomorphic function by a sequence of Padé-type approximants is possible; (c) four examples of Padé-type approximants converging to holomorphic functions, if n=2.
__label__0, A numerical method is presented that can resolve a compressible flow field at high Reynolds number. It is used to study the interaction of an oblique shock wave with a boundary layer. These results are shown to be in excellent agreement with experiments.
__label__0, In this paper we consider boundary value techniques based on a three-term numerical method for solving initial value problems. The notions of BV-stability and BV-relative stability are introduced in order to clarify the conditions that a three-term scheme must satisfy for solving efficiently initial value problems. In particular we investigate the BV-stability of boundary value methods based on the mid-point rule, on the Simpson method, and on an Adams-type method. The problem of approximating the solution at the final point is approached and an error estimate at this point is given.
__label__0, We survey recent results on local and global aspects of generalized Steffensen iteration. The main idea behind this algorithm is to replace the dynamical system z ↦ f(z) with z ↦ Fn(z), where Fn is an appropri ately constructed quotient of two Hankel determinants. We show that Fn retains all finite fixed points of f and determine the local speedup in convergence. Moreover, we investigate how the basin of attraction varies with n, proving that for polynomial f most poles and zeros of Fn accumulate on and inside the Julia set of f as n → ∞. This is in close agreement with computational results.
__label__0, In this paper we discuss numerical methods and software tools for solving partial differential equations with variable local resolution. The emphasis of our work is on finding approaches which will greatly simplify developing applications using dynamic adaptive grids. First, we investigate a class of adaptive grids that looks particularly promising for use in general-purpose solvers and propose a discretization method suitable for this class of grids. Second, we describe an interactive programming environment which can be used, among other things, as a geometrically-oriented debugger for developing applications using adaptive grids. Finally, we briefly illustrate an application of the above-mentioned methods and software to flame–flow interaction problems.
__label__0, This paper discusses an implementation of a parallel multigrid method using Parallel Virtual Machine (PVM). The basics described here apply to general parallel computers, either with shared memory or distributed memory systems. The actual implementation has been performed on both type of systems, although we will focus on distributed memory systems in this paper. The distributed memory implementation has been done using PVM on Convex MetaSeries machines. The speed-up results will be analyzed with respect to computational work and communicational overhead.
__label__0, In this paper, we consider parallel iterative algorithms for solving the Helmholtz wave equation employing nonoverlapping domain decomposition techniques. A modified Robin interface condition incorporated with an iteration parameter is used to communicate the data near the interfaces. An automatic and non-expensive strategy for finding efficient iteration parameters is discussed in detail. Numerical results carried out on an nCUBE2 are given to demonstrate the effectiveness of the method.
__label__0, It is desirable to answer queries posed to deductive databases by computing fixpoints because such computations are directly amenable to set-oriented fact processing. However, the classical fixpoint procedures based on bottom-up processing — the naive and semi-naive methods — are rather primitive and often inefficient. In this article, we rely on bottom-up meta-interpretation for formalizing a new fixpoint procedure that performs a different kind of reasoning: We specify a top-down query answering method, which we call the Backward Fixpoint Procedure. Then, we reconsider query evaluation methods for recursive databases. First, we show that the methods based on rewriting on the one hand, and the methods based on resolution on the other hand, implement the Backward Fixpoint Procedure. Second, we interpret the rewritings of the Alexander and Magic Set methods as specializations of the Backward Fixpoint Procedure. Finally, we argue that such a rewriting is also needed in a database context for implementing efficiently the resolution-based methods. Thus, the methods based on rewriting and the methods based on resolution implement the same top-down evaluation of the original database rules by means of auxiliary rules processed bottom-up.
__label__0, Information Systems design methodologies include a phase called data conceptual modelling which corresponds to a true knowledge engineering activity. During this phase, relevant objects, their properties and proportions involving these objects are identified and described in a data conceptual schema. Designers often rely on unformal linguistic techniques in order to build data conceptual schemas. Semantics are generally specified by constraints on possible database populations and no meaning is associated with the proposition names, apart from intuitive meaning. The informal level of semantics is open to different interpretations, while the restriction of fact instances does not necessarily convey meaning to any observer. Alternatively, Sowa's conceptual graphs, while providing a linguistic level semantics are not ideal as a data conceptual schema language. This has led us to propose an extended conceptual graphs model. In this paper we discuss the data conceptual modelling process, we present the main features of E-R and NIAM models and we note some difficulties when using them for conceptual modelling. An extended conceptual graph model (ECG) which permits conceptual graphs to be used as a data conceptual schema language is introduced, and the equivalence between the ECG and E-R and NIAM models is discussed.
__label__0, Constraints are central to the notion of a semantic data model. How well a model captures constraints affects its power and viability as a semantic data model. Cardinality constraints are an important subclass of general constraints. In this paper we provide formal definitions for cardinality constraints of several semantic models, as described in the literature. We construct a partial ordering of these constraints that shows the relative power expressed by each cardinality constraints. We discuss our results and offer possible extensions to contemporary cardinality constraint definitions. Our contributions include a collection and formal definition of existing cardinality constraints, a partial ordering of this set, and recommendations for cardinality constraint mechanisms in semantic data models.
__label__0, Surface studies of BaO on WIr alloy substrates of different composition show work functions lower for the alloys than on either pure W or pure Ir. In particular, the lowest work function (∼ 1.8 eV) appears near the 50% W, 50% Ir concentration. Peak height characterizations and energy shifts of interatomic Auger lines indicate an adsorbate-substrate interaction is responsible for the function lowering. The interaction consists of the O of the adsorbed Ba+O− molecule receiving electrons from the W and the Ba from the same molecule contributing electrons to the Ir. The resulting increase in surface dipole (as observed from interatomic O 2p and Ba 6s peak heights) is in very good agreement with the actual work function lowering. If the substrate consists of significant “patches” of W and Ir, then the Ba and O from the same molecule cannot interact with the different substrate components. When this happens, neither is the adsorbate-substrate interaction seen in the interatomic Auger spectra nor is any work function-lowering observed. The minimum in work function near 50% W, 50% Ir is the point where the dipole lowering (i.e., charge transfer) is most efficient because at thatconcentration there is one Ir atom available for each Ba atom and one W atom available for each O atom on the surface.
__label__0, ESCA and SEM were used to evaluate various gold deposition methods and different backside die preparations on the adhesion of backside gold films. Results indicate that poor die-attachment yield is most likely caused by an intermediate SiO2 film which forms between the silicon die and gold film. Data indicate that sputtered gold films are much better than vacuum evaporated films at preventing the formation of this intermediate oxide. Formation of the gold-silicon eutectic using a RTA immediately after the gold deposition allows vacuum evaporated films to perform as reliably as sputtered films.
__label__0, Thermal oxides were implanted with common dopants (As, P) and inert elements (Ar). After different post-implantation annealing treatments the hole trapping in the samples was characterized by means of avalanche injection. Hole capture is reduced by anneal in an oxidizing ambient, but less for As and P than for Ar samples. It is shown that defect centers are produced by chemical interaction between network formers and the damaged oxide structure and in addition by recoil damage.
__label__0, Samples of standard SIMOX material, dose 2.4×1018/cm2 at 200 keV have been examined in the as-implanted and annealed condition. The samples were prepared by wet-chemical etching with the silicon overlayer being removed first. Samples were then etched to remove the buried oxide, revealing and successively exposing the interface. These samples were then examined by ellipsometry and SIMS with an emphasis on the optical properties and compositional nature of the interfaces. Ellipsometry results indicate that a final layer of the buried oxide with refractive index 2.5 to 3 and thickness 150 to 250 Å is very resistant to the oxide etch. This may be correlated with the compositional profile of the interfacial region obtained by SIMS. The interface between the buried oxide and bulk silicon includes two layers, the first of silicon with SiO2 precipitates and the second of entirely SiO2.
__label__0, Many of the individual steps which make up the reaction of carbon and water to produce CO and H2 were studied on a nickel foil surface using temperature-programmed reaction spectroscopy (TPRS), Auger electron spectroscopy (AES), and ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy (UPS). Surface graphite and carbide, two metastable surface carbon forms, were prepared by dehydrogeneration of C2H2 and served as reactant carbon. UPS of the graphite monolayer in contact with the metal yielded a valence electronic structure that could be interpreted in terms of the bulk band structure of graphite. The fully carbided Ni surface was active for H2O dissociation with an estimated activation energy ≤ 5 kcal/mol. The reaction of graphitic carbon in contact with the nickel surface and adsorbed oxygen occurs directly without isolated prior breaking of carbon-carbon bonds. The estimated activation energy for the direct reaction was 44 kcal/mol. A different catalytic reaction cycle involving carbon-carbon bond breaking followed by oxidation of the carbide is energetically more demanding. The activation energy for direct carbon-carbon bond breaking was estimated to be between 65 and 70 kcal/mol. Following this demanding step, the reaction between carbidic carbon and oxygen proceeded with estimated activation energy of 31 kcal/mol.
__label__0, A simple procedure, for non-destructive extraction of concentration depth profile information, through analysis of the ratio of the XPS peak area to the increase in the background signal below the peak, was previously developed. However, since only one point in the background is used in the analysis, the detailed in-depth profile cannot be determined. In the present paper, a method is defined which takes into account the shape of the inelastic background signal in a wide energy range. With the procedure, it is possible, through a simple analysis of a single XPS spectrum, to (a) decide whether the in-depth concentration varies roughly exponentially with depth and (b) determine the characteristic length of the depth profile.
__label__0, (111) oriented Pt-Ni single-crystal alloys (with compositions Pt90Ni90, Pt50Ni50 and Pt78Ni22 in at %) have been compared to Ni(111) and Pt(111) with respect to their surface composition and SIMS ionization coefficient under steady-state ion sputtering. An enhancement in the Ni+ yield for Pt-rich alloys is the main result emerging for this study. This observation which is in support of an electronic effect has been discussed in relation to previous studies on these alloys.
__label__0, Piezoresistance in single crystal as well as polycrystalline silicon films is discussed using a simple model. The importance of the transverse voltage in determining the shear stress of a polycrystalline film is emphasized.
__label__0, The pressure dependence of different silicide/silicon Schottky barriers is investigated. All barriers decrease under pressure with a coefficient which is smaller than the one of the Si fundamental band gap. The barriers at polycrystalline TiSi2/Si and PtSi/Si interfaces decrease with -1.13 and -1.35 meV/kbar, respectively. The coefficients for A-type and B-type NiSi2/Si amount to -0.77 and -0.89 meV/kbar, respectively, and are too small to explain the 0.14 eV barrier difference of these two types of contacts by different bond lengths at the interface. The pressure coefficients obtained are, on the other hand, within the range of theoretical predictions, which are based on pure bulk properties.
__label__0, Tourism plans tend to focus on physical development and marketing. Government tourism organizations of developing countries, however, must assume broader responsibilities related to social, cultural and environmental concerns. Available tourism planning models may be suitable for the private sector but do not address the planning needs of governments. Dexter Choy of the School of Travel Industry Management, University of Hawaii, analyses the process used in formulating the National Tourism Plan for the Philippines.
__label__0, The 1993 conferences of the Canada and New England Chapters of the Travel and Tourism Research Association took the form of a joint meeting held from 23–25 October 1993 in Freeport and Portland, Maine. About 100 delegates from both chapters met to discuss the twin themes of the conference. The basic objective set for the sessions was to develop an agenda for action and research for regional marketing partnerships and adventure travel.
__label__0, In the last 20 years sales promotion has become such an important component of marketing practice that it is now demanding greater attention from marketing academics. Promotional techniques are now being studied individually and their appropriateness for different markets and marketing tasks is being discussed. Tourism and travel markets are one of the few service sectors to make widespread use of a variety of promotional techniques. Price-based promotions have been the most popular in tourism and travel, as in many other markets, but there is growing awareness that non-price based promotions can add value for the consumer while meeting a range of marketing communications objectives. This article looks at the use of consumer competitions, one of the most popular non-price promotional tools, with a survey of 52 competitions run by tourism and travel services providers.
__label__0, The 1995 annual conference of the Canada Chapter, Travel and Tourism Research Association took place at St John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, 22–24 October. Over 150 delegates from all Canadian provinces, Europe and the United States took part in a full program on tourism and sustainable community development. Gordon Taylor reports.
__label__0, Two approximate methods of obtaining survival probability estimates of a structure initially at rest, and subjected to a non-stationary seismic excitation have been presented. Both methods are based on approximating the response amplitude by a Markov process. In the first one, a discrete extreme point process has been utilized for the derivation of reliability estimates of the absolute response |x(t)|. In the second approach, similar estimates for the amplitude a(t) have been derived by solving by discretization an integral equation. The seismic excitations which have been considered are stationary processes modulated by exponential type deterministic functions. It has been found that, for this particular type of excitation, the structure experiences an early dramatic reduction of its survival probability as compared to that for the unmodulated excitation. Characteristic of the structural behavior is, also, the fact that for higher barriers the survival probability does not eventually tend to zero, as is the case for the stationary excitations, but it attains a constant non-zero value. Consequently for this case the concept of first-passage time density function is meaningless. Based on numerical data obtained by conducting digital Monte Carlo simulations it has been shown that the accuracies of the proposed methods are quite acceptable for common engineering applications.
__label__0, In order to mitigate the losses induced by major earthquake, it is important to strengthen vulnerable existing structures. To identify this vulnerability, a probabilistic method is needed in which uncertainties from different sources are incorporated. based on seismic hazard evaluation for a site, a single peak power spectrum is used to represent the intensity and frequency content of the ground motion. Assuming a non-stationary Gaussian model for earthquake time history. Monte-Carlo simulation technique is used to generate a set of time histories. Since the input peaks occur at random time and at different random frequencies, the response of the structural system is also random. A statistical analysis of a suitable response parameter (such as ductility demand or moment demand) is conducted and the Gumble Extreme Value distribution is fitted. The ultimate ductility capacity is assumed to have a probability distribution. The reliability of the structure is evaluated by convolving the demand and capacity distributions. A numerical example is presented for illustration. It is shown that with further modification in the proposed method, one could obtain a reasonable estimation of structural safety based upon which a rational decision for strengthening policy can be made.
__label__0, A statistical approach to design spectrum compatible generation of seismic motions is presented. This problem is addressed on a probabilistic basis, and an earthquake time history is considered as a realization of a nonstationary stochastic process which possesses an evolutionary power spectrum. Thus, the approach is based on relating the power spectrum of the stochastic seismic motion to the design spectrum. In determining the parameters which define the power spectrum, an approximate expression for the probability density of the response of a lightly damped linear structure to a broadband nonstationary stochastic excitation is used. For exemplification, the Newmark-Blume-Kapur (NBK) spectrum and the Housner (H) spectrum are considered. In this regard, analytical expressions of power spectra of stochastic processes which are statistically compatible with the (NBK) and the (H) spectra are derived. These expressions can prove quite useful not only for simulating acxelerograms, but for conducting, as well, stochastic dynamic analyses of structural systems exposed to seismic loads specified by regulatory agencies.
__label__0, This paper presents the results of an investigation conducted on steel fibre reinforced concrete beams in pure torsion. The main parameters of the study were the volume fraction and aspect ratio of fibres. It was found that inclusion of fibres in concrete improved the ultimate torsional strength and imparted considerable ductility and toughness to the beams. The strength and toughness of beams were found to increase with increasing volume fraction and aspect ratio of fibres. A comparison of test results with torsion theories indicated that a satisfactory prediction of ultimate torque could be obtained by using plastic theory.
__label__0, Cement kiln dust, a waste material in the cement industry, contains partially processed raw materials. This paper reports an investigation into its usage in concrete as a partial replacement for cement. The percentages of cement replacement by weight were 0, 25, 50, 75 and 100 in cement paste and 0, 15, 25, 35 and 45 in both 1:1.5:3 and 1:2:4 concretes. The results showed that the kiln dust is a cementitious material and it causes the following effects when used as cement replacement: 1. 1. retards the setting of cement; 2. 2. increases the water demand for a constant consistency; and 3. 3. decreases the concrete strength.
__label__0, A low modulud carbon fibre made from pitch of petroleum or coaltar was recently developed in Japan. This fibre has many advantages as a cement reinforcing fibre, in terms of cost, mechanical properties, and alkali resistance. This research is intended to develop a high performance fibre reinforced composite using carbon fibres for various applications in building structures. This paper reports the tensile strength characteristics of carbon fibre reinforced cement composite (CFRC). It is shown that when 3 to 5 volume percent of carbon fibre is added to the cement matrix, a ductile and tough new composite material with 80 to 140 kg/cm2 tensile strength and 11 000 × 10−6 tensile strain capability could be obtained.
__label__0, The effect of various factors is examined on the inelastic deformation of steel fibre reinforced concrete under uniaxial compression and that of plain concrete under triaxial compression. By comparing the complete stress-strain curves obtained from the two series of experiments, the lateral confining effect of steel fibres on the inelastic deformational behaviour of concrete is discussed. It is found that the confining effect of steel fibres is similar to that of the lateral pressure of less than about 10 kg/cm2, and the effect of the orientation of steel fibre is reasonably evaluated by using the stress-strain curve of a specimen subjected to ill-balanced lateral stresses.
__label__0, The results of some 36 shear tests carried out on simply supported rectangular prestressed concrete beams, containing steel fibres as web reinforcement are presented and discussed. The parameters varied were the fibre content, the shear-span effective depth ratio (a/d) and the type and extent of prestressing. A method of predicting the ultimate shear strength from a knowledge of the fibre properties, the cube strength, the amount of tensile reinforcement (if any), and the applied prestress is suggested. The predictions obtained by the proposed method are shown to be satisfactory by comparing them with the experimentally observed shears.
__label__0, The paper analyses the metrological problems of hardness measurement. The activities of the IMEKO technical committee on this subject are considered.
__label__0, Publications concerned with the foundations of measurement often accept uncritically the theory/observation and the norm/fact distinction. However, measurement is measurement-in-a-context. This is analysed in the first part of the paper. Important aspects of this context are: the purpose of the particular measurement; everything we know; everything we can do; and the empirical world. Dichotomies, such as definition versus empirical law, are by themselves not very useful because the ‘rules of measurement’ are facts of norms depending on the context chosen or considered. In the second part of the paper, three methodological premises for a theory of measurement are advocated: reduce arbitrariness, against fundamentalism, and do not be afraid of realism.
__label__0, We have modified a real-time array spectrometer to a spectroradiometer that allows on-line measurement of threshold exposure times for the UV-erythema and direct pigmentation, as well as of colour, by only one portable instrument. The spectral procedure used involves three stages of measuring and data processing; the rapid pick-up of the spectral power distribution of the incident radiation within the range from 200 to 800 nm, with a spectral resolution of 1.5 nm and shortest measuring time of 1.5 ms; the absolute detection of irradiance of an integral part of the spectrum by three GaAsP photodiodes near the entrance slit, with arched Teflon diffusers in front of it; and the photobiological weighting of measured spectral irradiances by the built-in microcomputer.
__label__0, A new intracranial pressure transducer, based on the miniature pneumatic nozzle-flapper amplifier with negative feedback, is described. The problem of steady-state accuracy of intracranial pressure measurement in relation to the stiffness of the transducer membrane and dura mater is also discussed. The transducer has successfully undergone clinical testing on 61 patients and proved to be practical and convenient. Its manufacture is under way.
__label__0, A noise immune interferometric method for high-precision measurements of the dimensions of cylinder- and cubed-shaped bodies is described. The method employs photo-electric processing of the interference pattern.
__label__0, Methods of analytic determination of calibration intervals for off-line measuring facilities and means of determining the calibration intervals by simulation for redundant measuring systems are discussed.
__label__0, This article reviews the use of interferometric techniques to study composite material deformation under impulsive loading. Two techniques will be discussed in detail, moiré and holographic interferometry for both in- and out-of-plane motions. Recently developed lateral shearing interferometers will also be mentioned. The techniques will be reviewed from an information sampling viewpoint including the time domain as an additional bounding parameter, particularly in regards to the spatial resolution of the method and the amount of data that can be stored over an event. This article will begin with a brief review of the literature, progress to the techniques with applications and conclude with future directions that have applicability to industrial environments that require robust optical systems and data analysis techniques.
__label__0, This paper focuses on the acquisition of high-level information, i.e. information that is related to many conventional physical quantities in a non-analytical way. In these complex cases, we proposed to use fuzzy sensors which compute and report linguistic assessments of numerically acquired values. Two methods are proposed to realized the aggregation from basic measurements. The first one performs a combination of the relevant features by means of a rule-based description of the relations between them. With the second, the aggregation is realized through an interpolation mechanism that creates a fuzzy partition of the numeric multi-dimensional space of the basic features. The two methods will be applied to a linguistic description of comfort deduced from temperature and humidity measurements. Finally, these two methods will be compared in terms of their efficiency and material implementation.
__label__0, A program written for an Evans and Sutherland Picture System 2 is described which uses the visual feedback of molecular graphics to aid in the comparison of atomic structures. Quantitative comparisons can be made by invoking an algorithm of McClachlan. The program also allows a crystal packing arrangement to be investigated which is shown to be a valuable adjunct to the crystallographic method of molecular replacement. Finally, an object may be created using the pen and tablet allowing a balsa wood-like representation of the electron density of a low resolution protein structure to be built for subsequent viewing and comparisons on a graphics screen.
__label__0, The dinuclear complexes of 1,5-bis(1′-phenyl-3'-methyl-5'-pyrazolone-4')-l,5-pentanedione (H2L) with samarium, Sm2LL3 · 7H2OO (1) and Sm2LL3,, · 5DMF (2), have been synthesized. The X-ray crystal structure of Sm2LL3 · 5DMF has been determined. In complex 2. each L bonds two samarium atoms with its two ;-diketona-diketonate groups. The L acts as a bridging ligand. There are two DMF molecules bonded to each samarium atom. The coordination number of the two samarium atoms is eight (six oxygen atoms from three B--diketonates and the other two oxygen atoms from two DMF carbonyls). The eight atoms around the samarium make up a distorted square antiprism configuration. There are large differences between coordinated and uncoordinated DMF molecules.
__label__0, The aqua ligand of the aquapentacyanoferrate(II) ion was replaced by 2-nitroso-1-naphthol and its sulphonate derivative giving the analogous mononuclear nitroso-naphtholpentacyanoferrate(II) complex in the first stage of the reaction. In the second stage, a cyano-bridged binuclear product was obtained and characterized as pentacyanoferrate(II)-μ-cyano-tricyanonitrosonaphtholferrate(II). The latter reaction was catalysed by mercury(II) ions. The complexes were characterized on the basis of analytical, IR and UV-vis spectral data and have in the solid state and in solution a predominately quinone oximic structure. The preparation of the tris(2-nitroso-1-naphthol)ferrate(II) complex is also reported.
__label__0, Kinetics and equilibria for the reaction between cyanide and iron(II) hexadecachlorophthalocyanine ((Cl)16PcFe(DMSO)2, where Pc(−2) = phthalocyanine dianion) in dimethyl sulphoxide (DMSO) are reported. Only the spectrophotometric changes due to the formation of the dicyano, [(Cl)16PcFe(CN)2]2−, complex were observed. This complex is formed with the equilibrium constant, K3 = 1.6 × 103 dm3 mol−1 and a rate constant of k3f = 4.2 × 10−3 dm3 mol−1 s−1. The K2[(Cl)16PcFe(CN)2] complex dissolves in DMSO and dimethyl formamide (DMF) with ϵ = 110 000 and 92 000 dm3 mol−1 cm−1, respectively.
__label__0, Reacting potassium tetraphenyldithioimidodiphosphinate (KL) with diphenylthallium(III) bromide in methanol yielded the compound [T1Ph2(L)], the structure of wwhich was determined by X-ray diffraction. The unit cell contains two independent molecules with small structural differences. In both, the thallium atom is coordinated to two phenyl carbons and to two sulphurs belonging to a roughly isobidentate chelate ligand. The diphenylthallium(III) moiety bends back from the bite of the ligand (average CTlC bond angle for the two molecules = 149.5°) giving, together with the narrow STlS angle (average value for the two molecules = 97.7°), a thallium environment which can be described as intermediate between tetrahedral and ψ-trigonal bipyramidal.
__label__0, New fully N-alkylated 14-membered tetraaza macrocyles 3,14-dimethyl- 3,14-dimethyl-2,6,13,17-tetraethyl-2,6,13,17-tetraazatricyclo[16.4.0.1.180.7.12]docosane (3) and 3,14-dimethyl-2,6,13,17-tetrakis(n-propyl)-2,6,13,17-tetraazatricyclo[16.4.01.180.7.12]docosane (4) have been prepared from direct reactions of 3,14-dimethyl-2,6,13,17-tetraazatricyclo [16.4.01.180.7.12]docosane (1) with appropriate alkyl bromides. The protonation constants of 3 and 4 were determined by a potentiometric method, and it was found that these ligands have a higher proton affinity than 1 and its tetra-N-methyl derivative (2). The new macrocyles react with the dehydrated copper(II) ion to form the stable complexes [Cu(L)]2+ ( L = 3 or 4 ) in an ethanol solution, but do not react with hydrated copper(II) or nickel(II) ions in the same solution. The effects of the N-alkyl groups on the protonation and complexation behaviours of the macrocycles and on the spectroscopic and redox properties of their copper(II) complexes are presented.
__label__0, The insertion reactions of CNMe and CN-t-Bu with
__label__0, Reaction of [AsPh4][Rh(CO)2I2] (1) with RCOI yields complexes [AsPh4]2 [RCORh(CO)I3]2 (2,R Me; 3 R  Et; 4 R  n-Pr; 5 R  i-Pr). The 13CO Scrambling process for complexes [AsPh4][RCORh(13CO)(S)I3] (R  Me,Et; S  CD3CN) along with the skeleton isomerization of [AsPh4]RCORh(CO)(S)I3] (R  n-Pr, i-Pr) was determined by 1H NMR spectroscopy. Rates of CO insertion into the RhC bond in [AsPh4][RRh(CO)3I3] (R  Me, n-Pr, i-Pr) were determined. Thermolysis of [AsPh4] [MeCORh(CO)(CD3CN)I3] (6) in CD3CN gives methyl iodide in contrast to [AsPh4] give only propene as the organic fragment.
__label__0, Manganese(II), iron(II), cobalt(II), nickel(II) and copper(II) halide complexes with 1,2,4-triazole as a ligand were synthesized and studied. Their structures were discussed on the basis of electronic and magnetic data. The electronic spectra of the compounds prepared (MX2TA:M = Fe, Co, Ni, Cu, X = Cl; M = Co, Ni, Cu, X = Br; MX2TA2: M = Co, Ni, Cu, X = Cl; M = Mn, Co, Ni, X = Br; TA = 1,2,4-triazole) were analysed in the range 5000–50,000 cm−1. The values obtained for Dq and B and the room temperature magnetic moments are consistent with a pseudo-octahedral arrangement for the metal. This implies that the complexes are polynuclear, probably polymeric. Using variable temperature magnetic susceptibility data, the parameters C, g and θ were determined. The iron, cobalt and copper compounds studied exhibit an antiferromagnetic interaction with a particular magnetic behaviour for CuX2TA2 compounds. NiX2TA complexes show a ferromagnetic exchange coupling. Moreover, a sharp maximum is observed in the ηp vs T plots of these two compounds at temperatures below that at which the ferromagnetic intra-chain interactions operate.
__label__0, The kinetics and mechanism of the Ag2WO4HgBr2 and Ag2WO4HgCl2 reactions have been studied in the solid state. The kinetics have been carried out by a visual technique. Both the reactions follow the parabolic rate law X2 = Kt, where X is the thickness of product layer at time t and K is the parabolic rate constant. The kinetics have been studied at several temperatures, for different lengths of air-gap between the two reactants and for different particle sizes of the reactants. It has been demonstrated that diffusion in both the reactions is predominantly controlled by the vapour phase, but diffusion by surface migration is also significant. In order to understand the mechanism of the reactions, X-ray powder diffraction, chemical analysis, conductivity and thermal studies have been carried out. Silver tungstate reacts with mercuric bromide and mercuric chloride in the molar ratio 1:1 to give AgBr, HgWO4 and AgCl, HgWO4, respectively, as the end products.
__label__0, Nickel(II)xanthates with triphenylphosphine as mixed π-acceptor ligand of the composition [NiX(RXa)(PPh3)] (X = Cl, Br, I, NCS; R = Et, i-Pr; Xa = S2CO−) have been prepared. All of these complexes have been characterized by elemental analysis, infrared and electronic absorption spectroscopy, magnetochemical measurements, thermal analysis and conductivity measurements. The [NiI(RXa)(PPh3)] complexes have been one-electron irreversibly oxidized which was determined by cyclic voltammetry. A distorted square-planar arrangement of the coordination sphere with chromophore NiS2C1P has been proved by the X-ray structural analysis of the model [NiCl(i-PrXa)(PPh3)] complex.
__label__0, Four novel trinuclear copper(II) complexes have been synthesized, namely {[Cu(ebo)][Cu(L)]2} (ClO4)2, where ebo denotes 1,2-ethylenebis(oxamido) and L is 2,2′-bipyridyl (bpy), 4,4′-dimethyl-2,2′-bipyridyl (Me2 bpy), 1,10-phenanthroline (phen) or 5-nitro-1, 10-phenanthroline (NO2-phen). Based on IR, elemental analyses, conductivity measurements and electronic spectra these complexes are proposed to have oxamidobridged structures and to consist of three copper(II) ions in which each metal ion has a square planar environment. The temperature dependence of the magnetic susceptibility of [Cu(ebo)][Cu(NO2-phen)]2 (ClO4)2·2H2O has been studied in the 4–200 K range, giving the exchange integral J = −80.9 cm−1. The result revealed the operation of an antiferromagnetic spin-exchange interaction between the adjacent copper ions.
__label__0, Some new tungsten carbonyl complexes have been synthesized with stilbazole type ligands. Their potential as liquid crystals is discussed.
__label__0, All eight possible bicyclic molecules β-P4SnSe3−n(I)CHI2 (n = 0−3) were formed on reaction of mixtures of the tricyclic compounds P4SnSe3−n with CHI3 in solution in CS2, and identified in the reaction mixture by analysis of their 31P NMR spectra. Differences in coupling constants caused by the presence of sulfur rather than selenium in the products were interpreted in terms of concerted twisting of the fused five-membered rings, caused by a combination of the unsymmetric exocyclic ligand and endocyclic chalcogen substitution.
__label__0, The synthesis and characterization of lanthanide complexes with bis(phenylsulphinyl)propane (L) are reported. Elemental analyses, molar conductivities, magnetic and spectral (visible, IR) measurements have been used to characterize the complexes. The IR spectral data show that the ligand (L) behaves as a bidentate ligand and coordination is through the oxygen of the sulphoxide moieties.
__label__0, The preparation of the complexes PdLX, [Pd(HL)2]X2 and PdL2 (X = Cl, Br; HL and L the neutral and deprotonated ligand) is described. The new complexes have been characterized by elemental analyses, conductivity measurements and spectroscopic (IR and UV-vis) studies and the crystal and molecular structure of PdLBr has been determined by single-crystal X-ray diffraction. The palladium atom has a square planar geometry with three donor atoms (NNS) coming from L to form a planar tricyclic ligating system, and one bromide atom. All data are discussed in terms of assigned structural type and the nature of the bonding. The protonation constants of the ligand, Ka1 and Ka2, were determined by spectrophotometry and the logarithms of their values were found to be equal to 11.43 ± 0.02 and 3.98 ± 0.02.
__label__0, The complex formulated as [Cu(bpc)(H2O)2] (bpc = 2,2-bipyridyl-3,3′-dicarboxylate) has been prepared. A single crystal structure revealed that it consists of polymeric chains of [Cu(bpc)(H2O)2] units. Each copper(II) ion pair is bridged by a bpc dianion in a tridentate fashion through its two pyridine nitrogen atoms and one carboxylate oxygen atom. Each copper(II) ion has a distorted square-pyramidal environment: the equatorial positions are occupied by two nitrogen atoms of a bpc ligand and an oxygen atom of another bpc ligand and an oxygen atom of a water molecule, and the apical position by an oxygen atom of another water molecule. The three non-coordinated carboxylate oxygen atoms of the bpc ligand are all hydrogen-bonded with a coordinated water molecule. The IR spectra are discussed with the structure. The magnetic susceptibility has been measured in the range 7–300 K and obeys the Curie-Weiss law 1χm = C(T − θ) with θ = − 1.24 K, suggesting a very weak antiferromagnetic interaction between the copper(II) ions.
__label__0, The nitrido atom in the nitridomolybdenum porphyrin complexes donates strongly to the metal centre with the formation of a strong triple bond, but it still retains enough electron density to be attacked by electrophiles such as iodo alkyls, forming organoimidomolybdenum porphyrin complexes. It reacts with Lewis acids like boron trifluoride to afford 1:1 adducts and with elemental sulphur, giving thionitrosyl molybdenum porphyrin complexes. Under severe conditions, the nitrido ligand in NMo(TPP) behaves like an electrophile with tributylphosphine to give a phosphineiminato molybdenum porphyrin complex. The nitrido ligand in NMo(TPP) can also replace one CO ligand of M(CO)6(MMo, W) to form (TPP)MoNM(CO)5.
__label__0, The complexes of α,β-KaHbXW9O37(InH2O)3·xH2O (X  Si, Ge; a + b = 7) were synthesized from their lacunary precursors α,β-XW9O3410− (X  Si, Ge) and characterized by elemental analysis, 183W NMR, IR and UV spectroscopy and polarography. 183W NMR spectra of the title complexes consist of two lines with intensity ratio 2:1, as expected for the C3V structure of trisubstituted Aα- and Aβ-Keggin anions.
__label__0, Two new tetradentate ligands have been synthesized by Schiff base condensation oof diisobutyraldehyde disulphide with 2-mercaptoethylamine (L1) and 2-aminothiophenol (L2) respectively and then reducing the imine linkages with NaBH4 in refluxing methanol. In the free ligands the thiolate sulphur is protected with tertiary butyl groups which are cleaved in the presence of CuII-salts to give neutral CuN2S2 complexes. The copper complexes show ligand field transitions at 815 and 760 nm at room temperature which are independent of the solvents used and are consistent with a pseudotetrahedral coordination around the CuII ion. The EPR spectrum of the aliphatic thiolate in MeCN glass shows significant rhombic splitting (gx−gx = 0.09 and Ax−Ay = 60 × 10−4 cm−1) attributable to dz2 mixing into the ground state wavefunction. For the aromatic thiolate complex, however, the EPR spectrum was not well resolved although the rhombic nature of the spectrum could easily be observed. Both the complexes exhibit well-defined cyclic responses in their cyclic voltammograms at RT and in acetonitrile for the CuII/CuI couple with E 1 2 = 0.5 V vs SCE. This high positive value for the redox couple is also consistent with a coordination geomttry much distorted from planarity. The active sites of the blue protein which contain copper in distorted geomtries exhibit CuII/CuI potential in the range 300–800 mV vs NHE at pH = 7.0.
__label__0, The structure of [Ph3PNPPh3]+[SPh2PNPPh2S]− was determined by single crystal X-ray diffraction. The cation displays the usual bent conformation [PNP 143.0(5)°] and long PN bonds (1.577(3) Å). This salt represents the first example of a linear SPh2PNPPh2S− anion (PNP 180°) with short PN bonds [1.554(2) Å]. The structures of the bent and linear forms of the [Ph3PNPPh3]+ cation and [SPh2PNPPh2S]− anion can be rationalized in terms of PN single and double bond contributions to the resonance structures describing them.
__label__0, Sodium azide reacts with FeH2(dmpe)2 ({Bd1a}) [dmpe = 1,2-bis(dimethylphosphino) ethane] in methanol solution to form FeH(N3)(dmpe)2 ({Bd3a}) and, finally, Fe(N3)2(dmpe)2 ({Bd2}). The bis(azide) complex may also be generated from FeCl2(dmpe)2 ({Bd4a}) by a ligand exchange reaction. The azide ligand is easily replaced by terminal alkynes to form bisacetylide iron complexes. The X-ray crystal structure of Fe(N3)2(dmpe)2 ({Bd2a}) shows that the azide groups are mutually trans and that the NNN groups are essentially linear and tilted by approximately 132° with respect to the plane containing the Fe and four P atoms.
__label__0, Plutonium tetranitrato complexes with N,N′-dialkyl monoamides A[A = dibutyl derivatives of hexanamide (DBHA), octanamide (DBOA)] and tetraalkyl diamides B [B = tetrabutyl, tetraisobutyl and tetrahexyl malonamide (TBMA, TIBMA, THMA)] have been isolated and characterized as Pu(NO3)4 · 3A and Pu(NO)3)4 · 2B, respectively. Complexes with diamides such as Pu(NO3)4 · 2TBMA and Pu(NO3)4 · 2TIBMA were isolated as solids while all others were viscous liquids. Uranyl dinitrato-amide complexes with the above monoamides and diamides were synthesized and characterized as UO2(NO3)2 · 2A and UO2(NO3)2 · B. The IR and visible absorption spectra of the plutonium and uranium complexes indicate that they are O-bonded and the nitrate group acts as a bidentate group. The NMR spectra of the uranyl monoamide complexes indicate the existence of restricted rotation around the CN bond, while thermal investigations reveal that decomposition proceeds through three exothermic steps corresponding to the release of amide and nitrate groups and finally leading to U3O8.
__label__0, The new chromium(II), manganese(II), iron(II) and cobalt(II) alkyls derived from the anions of 2-bis(trimethylsilyl)methylpyridine (Hbtsmp) and 2-trimethylsilymethylpyridine (Htsmp) are described. X-ray crystal structures show that [M(btsmp)2] (M  Cr, Co) have square-planar geometry, but that [Fe(btsmp)2] has a distorted tetrahedral structure. Magnetochemical studies show [Mn(btsmp)2] exhibits a 2E−6A spin state equilibrium. Solid-state effects are discussed in the interpretation of differences between solid and solution state magnetochemical data of the Cr and Co compounds of btsmp. The ESR spectrum of the latter is also analysed. Reactions of CO and ButNC with the Cr and Co compounds are described. Evidence for the formation of a zirconium(III) species from 2-methylpyridine is assessed.
__label__0, The complex (E)-N-ethyl-4-(2-(4′-dimethylaminophenyl)ethnyl)pyridinium tetrakis(α-thenoyltrifluoracetanoto)lantanum(III) was synthesized, and its crystal structure was determined by single-crystal X-ray crystallography and refined to the final R of 0.046 and Rw of 0.052. IR, electronic absorption spectroscopy (UV-vis) and thermogravimetric and differential thermal analysis (TG-DTA) for the complex are also resported.
__label__0, Imidazoliumm bis(oxalato)cuprate(II) has been synthesized and its structure determined by X-ray crystallography. Variable temperature magnetic susceptibility measurements, as well as EPR and UV-vis spectroscopic studies, have been carried out. The results show that in the solid state the compound exists in a chain-like structure, with an asymmetric one-atom weak oxalate bridge joining adjacent CuII centres. Of the two oxygen atoms of each coordinated oxalate only one participates in bridging; thus, each oxalate ultimately achieves three-point coordination. Each of the imidazolium ions participates in two hydrogen through the N—H moieties. The compound exhibits a weak antiferromagnetic interaction (J = −0.40 cm−1).EPR spectra reveal that the triplet state is appreciably populated at both room and liquid nitrogen temperatures.
__label__0, The electrospray ionization (ES) mass spectrum of a trisodium azacryptate derived from a template reaction of sodium 2,6-diformyl-4-methylphenolate (sdmp) with 2,2′,2″-triaminoethylamine (tren) was investigated and compared with those by fast atom bombardment (FAB), atmospheric pressure chemical ionization (APCI) and electronic ionization (EI) methods. Dinuclear transition metal complexes of this hexaimine macrobicyclic ligand obtained by transmetallation were also studied by ES mass spectra. An [M2L]+ species has been observed for divalent metal complexes, and an [MLH]+ species for a trivalent metal complex. The possible mechanism of the fragmentation process is discussed.
__label__0, Square antiprismatic, triangular dodecahedral and (rectangularly) bicapped trigonal prismatic (or hendecahedral) eight-coordinate structures are shown to manifest distinct patterns of LML′ bond angles, which are validated by many straightforward examples from the literature. Our criterion was used to re-classify seven published structures: in one of these, a completely new type of eight-coordination, christened the Cs decahedron, has been discovered. The same type of analysis has been applied to the rarer types of eight-coordination: the cube, the hexagonal bipyramid, the axially bicapped trigonal antiprism and the trigonally bicapped octahedron, and the axially bicapped trigonal prism: useful insights have thus been obtained concerning several published structures.
__label__0, Purple single crystals of the mononuclear mixed-ligand complex [Ni(ox)(bipy)2]·4H2O, where ox is oxalate and bipy is 2,2′-bipyridine, were obtained by slow evaporation of a solution previously prepared by adding an ethanolic bipy solution to an aqueous solution of nickel(II) chloride hexahydrate and potassium oxalate monohydrate (molar ratio 1:2). The compound was characterized by elemental analysis, FT-IR spectroscopy and single-crystal X-ray diffraction. The crystal structure consists of neutral mono-nuclear [Ni(ox)(bipy)2] units and crystallization water molecules which are held together by an extensive three-dimensional network of OH…O and CH…O hydrogen bonds and face-to-face stacking interactions between the π-systems of the bipy aromatic rings. The nickel atom is coordinated by two oxygen atoms of a bidentate oxalate ligand and four nitrogen atoms belonging to two bipy in an octahedral cis arrangement. Thermal decomposition of the complex was studied by TG-DTA techniques in synthetic air and argon atmospheres.
__label__0, (n-C4H9)4NVO3 self-condenses by addition of a small amount of acetic acid in MeOH solution to form the title compound. The X-ray structural analysis of crystalline [(n-C4H9)4N]2[H4V10O28] revealed the presence of discrete (n-C4H9)4N+ cations and H4V10O282− polyanions each of which contain ten VO6 distorted octahedra sharing edges. In the molecule, the isopolydecavanadate and tetra-n-butylammonium are linked together by ionic forces.
__label__0, The metal-assisted isomerization of the pyrrolenine anion 1,1,2-tricyano-2-(3,4-dicyano-5-imino-2,5-dihydro-1H-pyrrol-2-ylidene) ethanide (C11N7H2−, L′) to the 1,2,6,7-tetracyano-3,5-diimino-2,5-dihydro-pyrrolizinide anion (L) has been studied in solutions of CH3Cl2 or tetrahydrofuran (THF) with the palladium(II) chlorides, PdCl42− or Pd2Cl62−, respectively. In THF the bis-chelate PdL2 and the mono-chelate PdLCl2− are formed. In CH2Cl2, only mono-chelate species are formed such as PdLCl2− or PdLCl(CN)−. The mono-chelate species how an optical spectrum, due to the PdL chromophore, qualitatively more similar to that of the corresponding phthalocyanide, PdPc, than that of PdL2.
__label__0, Some adducts of [TiO(salen)] with protic and Lewis acids are reported. Infrared and FAB-mass spectral evidence suggest that, in both cases, interaction occurs at the oxo ligand. Factors affecting the stability of the adducts are briefly discussed.
__label__0, The new compound chloro-meso-tetra(4-pyridyl)porphyrinatothallium(III), Tl(tpyp)(Cl), has been synthesized and its molecular structure determined by X-ray analysis. The thallium-chloride distances are 2.412(3) [for thallium(1)] and 2.387(7)Å [for thallium(2)], respectively, with thallium(1) situated 0.8267 Å above the porphyrin ring and thallium(2) located 0.8505 Å below the ring. 35Cl NMR spectroscopy provides a complementary method for the investigation of the chloro ligand. Combining the calculated value of τc 82.6 ps, with the measured Cl-35 quadrupolar relaxation time, T1Q = 3.19 μs, the quadrupole coupling constant of 35Cl is 31.0 MHz. This indicates that Cl is covalently coordinated to the thallium atom in Tl(tpyp)(Cl).
__label__0, The X-ray crystal structure of [codRh(μ-OSiMe3)]2 has been determined at room temperature. The coordination of the rhodium atoms is square-planar and the overall geometry of the complex is roof-shaped bis-square planar. There is a possibility of disorder within the cyclooctadiene fragment.
__label__0, The copper(II) and nickel(II) complexes of hexacyclen (1,4,7,10,13,16-hexa-azacyclo-octadecane, [18]aneN6) have been characterized as their perchlorate salts, [ML](ClO4)2·H2O. Analytical, conductivity, spectral and magnetic measurements are reported. The kinetics of dissociation of the copper(II) and nickel(II) complexes in acidic solution have been studied in detail. For the copper complex at high acidities ([H+] = 0.075-0.275 M) a single kinetic process is observed which displays a first order dependence on the hydrogen ion concentration with rate = kH[CuL2+][H+] and kH = 73 M−1s−1 at 25°C and I = 1.0 M. The temperature dependence of kH gives ΔH ‡ = 30.5 kJ mol −1 and ΔS 298 ‡ = −107 JK −1 mol −1 . Cleavage of the first equatorial CuN bond is slow with all of the subsequent steps being rapid. At lower acidities ([H+] ca 1 × 10−3 M) only the monoprotonated complex CuLH3+ is expected to occur in solution. The reaction displays a second order dependence on the hydrogen ion concentration with rate = k′H[CuLH3+][H+]2 and k′H = 8.5 × 103 M−2 s−1 at 25°C and I = 1.0 M. The equilibrium constant for the second protonation equilibrium CuLH3+ + H+ ⇌ CuLH24+ is given by K = k′H/kH = 116 M−1 at 25°C. Dissociation of CuL2+ in 1 M acid is some 10-fold slower than CuN cleavage in [Cu(2,2,2,-tet)]2+ (2,2,2-tet = 1,8-diamino-3,7-diazoctane).
__label__0, The use of a low mixing time 11B TOCSY technique has produced results consistent with, and with considerably greater resolution than, the equivalent COSY technique.
__label__0, Treatment of [Ru(CO)2(PPh3)2(THF)2](BF4)2 with LiTCNQ (TCNQ = 7,7,8,8-tetracyanoquinodimethane) in dichloromethane at reflux resulted in the formation of [Ru(CO)2(PPh3)2(TCNQ)]BF4 (1). The synthesis of the carbonylhydride compound [RuH(CO)(PPh3)2(TCNQ)]2 (2) was carried out by reaction of RuHCl(CO)(PPh3)3 and TCNQ or from [RuH(CO)(PPh3)2(CH3CN)2]PF6 and LiTCNQ. The preparation of compounds with diphosphines [Ru(dppe)2(TCNQ)]2TCNQ(ClO4) (3) and [Ru(dppm)3 TCNQ]ClO4 (4) is also described. In all cases substitution reactions of labile ligands occurred with formation of compounds with σ-coordinated TCNQ. From IR, UV-vis, 1H and 31P NMR spectroscopy and FAB mass spectrometric determinations, monomeric and dimeric compounds are proposed.
__label__0, The structure of the mixed-metal cluster [{CuRu4(μ3-H)3(CO)12}2{μ-Ph2P(CH2)2 PPh2}] 1 has been determined by a single-crystal X-ray diffraction study, which shows that 1 is composed of two trigonal bipyramidal CuRu4 subunits linked together by the bidentate diphosphine ligand Ph2P(CH2)2PPh2. The copper atom in each CuRu4 subunit occupies an axial site and each copper atom is bonded to a phosphorus atom at opposite ends of the Ph2P(CH2)2PPh2 ligand. A comparison of the equivalent metal-metal separations in the two subunits of 1 reveals that crystal packing forces cause differences of up to ca 0.118 Å for the CuRu distances and up to ca 0.132 Å for the RuRu separations. The structure of 1 is also compared with that of the closely related analogous cluster [CuRu4(μ3-H)3(CO)12(PMePh2)]. The 13C{1H} NMR spectrum of 1 at −90°C demonstrates that the whole of each {CuRu4(μ3-H)3(CO)12} subunit undergoes rapid rotation around its CuP bond. The free energy of activation of this fluxional process seems surprisingly low in view of the fact that the CuRu4 subunits are fairly sterically demanding.
__label__0, The complex trans-[Ni(ONO2)2(LH2)2], where LH2 is the new ligand N,N′-bis(2-pyridyl)urea derived unexpectedly from nicotinic or isonicotinic acid and 2-aminopyridine, was isolated. The ligand and its complex have been characterized by a variety of physical and spectroscopic techniques. The crystal structure of the complex reveals that LH2 behaves as a bidentate chelate with ligated atoms being the amide oxygen and one of the pyridyl nitrogens.
__label__0, Hexadentate ligands of type RN(O)NN(H)C6H4S(CH2)xSC6H4(H)NN(O)NR (H2L1: R = Me, x = 2; H2L2: R = Ph, x = 2 ; H2L3: R = Me, x = 3 ; general abbreviation H2L) have afforded copper(II) complexes of type [CuL]. The X-ray structure of [CuL2] · 1 2 CH 2 Cl 2 reveals the presence of a distorted CUS2N2O2 coordination sphere which is strongly elongated along an OCuS axis. The axial and equatorial bond lengths are: CuS, 2.636(5) and 2.473(6) Å Cu0, 2.222(10) and 2.039(11) Å respectively. Both the CuN bonds, 1.939(13) and 1.904(12) Å lie on the equatorial plane. The structure is compared with that of [ZnL2] · 1 2 CH 2 Cl 2 , which does not display the above-noted axial elongation. The findings are rationalized in terms of simple angular overlap considerations. The EPR spectrum of [CuL2] · 1 2 CH 2 Cl 2 has g|; > g⊥, showing that the hole lies in the dx2- y2 orbital. The [CuL] complexes are electroactive in dichloromethane solutions and successive quasireversible responses due to the [CuIIL]/[CuIL]− and [CuIIIL]+/[CuIIL] couples are observed, the E 1 2 values being ∼ −0.9 V and ∼ 0.8 V vs SCE, respectively. The E 1 2 of the copper(IIIcopper(II) copple lies close to that of the corresponding nickel (III)nickel(II) couple of [NiL]. A thermodynamic rationale is provided.
__label__0, Eleven mixed-ligand ruthenium(II) complexes of the general formula [Ru(bpy)2 (L)]CIO, [bpy = 2,2′-bipyridine, L = salicylaldiminate or 2-(arylazo) phenolate anion] have been synthesized and characterized. The complexes are diamagnetic (low-spin d6, S = 0) and in solution show intense MLCT transitions in the visible region. In acetonitrile solution they all show a reversible ruthenium (II)-ruthenium (III) oxidation in the range 0.5–0.9 V versus SCE and an irreversible ruthenium (III)-ruthenium(IV) oxidation near 1.6 V versus SCE. The potential of the ruthenium (II)-ruthenium (III) couple is sensitive to the nature of substituents on the ligand L. Two successive one-electron reductions of the coordinated bpy are also observed near −1.5 and −1.8 V versus SCE. Two representative [RuIII(bpy)2(L)]2+ complexes have been synthesized by chemical oxidation of their ruthenium(II) precursors by aqueous ceric solution and isolated as perchlorate salts. These oxidized complexes are paramagnetic (low-spin d 5 , S = 1 2) ) and show rhombic ESR spectra at 77 K. They show intense LMCT transitions in the visible region in acetonitrile solution together with weak ligand-field transitions at lower energies. Chemical reduction of these ruthenium(III) complexes by hydrazine gives back the parent ruthenium(II) complexes. In acetonitrile solution the [RuIII(bpy)2(L)]2+ complexes oxidize N,N-dimethyl aniline, 1,2-napthoquinone-l-oxime, [RuII(bpy)2Cl2] and [FeII(C5H5)2] to produce N,N,N′,N′-tetramethylbenzidine, 1,2-napthoquinone-l-iminoxy radical, [RuIII(bpy)2Cl2]+ and [FeIII(C5H5(2]+, respectively, which have been characterized by spectroscopic and electrochemical techniques.
__label__0, A new dioxocyclam ligand bearing two 2-methylfuran pendants has been synthesized and its nickel(II) complex isolated as a single crystal and the structure determined. The complex takes an unusual cis-configuration and, to our knowledge, this is the first crystal structure of a dioxocyclam-Ni(II) complex.
__label__0, Reaction of Cu(BF4)2 with 6-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-2,2′-bipyridine (HL) followed by precipitation with aqueous NaBPh4 affords the unexpected product [Cu2L2{μPhB(OH)O}2] in which the bridging groups—which are the anions of phenylboric acid, PhB(OH)2—are derived from decomposition of the [BPh4]− counter-ion. The complex contains two five-coordinate CuII centres in an elongated square—pyramidal geometry, with a Cu2(μ-O)2 core, and appears to be stabilized by an aromatic π—π interaction in which the pendant phenyl ring of each bridging group stacks with one of the pyridyl rings of a ligand L. In solution EPR spectroscopy shows that the dinuclear complex is cleaved to a mononuclear species.
__label__0, Two copper(II) complexes with the ortho-substituted phenoxyacetic acid, (2acetylphenoxy)acetic acid (RCO2H), have been prepared and their crystal structures determined by X-ray diffraction. Both are polymers based on tetracarboxylato-bridged dimer units of the copper acetate hydrate type. Complex 1, catena-tetrakis-μ-[(2-acetylphenoxy)acetato-O,O′]-bis[copper(II)], [Cu2(RCO2)2]n, is extended into a polymer via the axial dimer sites through the acetyl carbonyl oxygens of adjacent units [Cu—O, 2.17](2) Å, Cu—Cu, 2.6401(6) Å]. The second complex 2, an adduct with 2-aminopyrimidine (2AP), catena-(2-aminopyrimidine-N,N′)-tetrakis-μ-[(2-acetylphenoxy)acetato-O,O′]-bis [copper(II)], [Cu2(RCO2)4(2-AP)]n, forms a zig-zag chain polymer through the heteronitrogens of the 2-AP ring [Cu—N, 2.191, 2.217(2) Å.; Cu—Cu, 2.6775(7) Å]. These chains are stabilized by the presence of hydrogen bonding between the 2-amino group of 2-AP and the carboxyl oxygens of adjacent dimers.
__label__0, The following substitution reactions: t r a n s − [ Ru ( NH 3 ) 4 L 1 ( H 2 O ) ] 2 + + L 2 ⇌ k − 1 k 1 t r a n s − [ Ru ( NH 3 ) 4 L 1 L 2 ] 2 − + H 2 O, where L1 = phosphite, phosphine, AsPh3 or SbPh3, and L2 = imidazole, have been studied under pseudo-first order conditions. The reaction proceeds through an Id dissociative mechanism. The trans effect of L1 has been estimated based on the k1 values: SbPh3 < AsPh3 < PBu3 < P(Ph)3 ∼ dppe < P(OMe)3 < P(OEt)3 < P(OBu)3 < P(OPri)3. The trans effect series obtained with electrophilic L2 ligands (pyrazine and isonicotinamide) for the same phosphorus(III) ligands (L1) were similar. The position of L1 in these series can be related to the α or π character of L1. The trans influence series has been written based on the reciprocal of Keq = k1k−1: P(OPri)3P(OEt)3P(OBu)3 < P(OMe)3 < P(Ph)3 < P(Bu)3 < AsPh3 < SbPh3 < dppe.
__label__0, A number of dinuclear iron(III) and ruthenium(III) complexes from dinucleating ligands have been synthesised and characterized. The iron(III) complexes of dinucleating triazene-1-oxide ligands (type 1) catalyse the epoxidation of alkenes with iodosyl benzene as an oxidant. The catalytic activity of iron(III) complexes of dinucleating Schiff base ligands (type 2) could not be studied due to insolubility. Ruthenium(III) complexes of both types of ligands catalyse epoxidation reactions.
__label__0, The redox-active metallocyclophanes [Mo(NO)Tp∗(4,4′-OC6H4C6H4O)]n (n = 3,4) have been prepared as mixtures of isomers and, whilst the cyclic trimer exhibits three unresolved one-electron transfer processes, the cyclic tetramer exhibits two two-electron processes separated by ca 120 mV.
__label__0, Five compounds of the general formula Fe(NO)(L)n (n = 2, L = 4-methylpiperazine-l-carbodithioate, 4-phenylpiperazine-l-carbodithioate, thiomorpholine-N-carbodithioate, piperidine-N-carbodithioate; n = 1, L = 2-methylpiperazine-1,4-dicarbodithioate) have been prepared and characterized by elemental analyses, IR spectral studies and room- and liquid-nitrogen-temperature magnetic susceptibility measurements. Two of these complexes have also been subjected to variable-temperature magnetic susceptibility measurements. The temperature dependence of μeff has been correlated with a S = 3 2 ← S = 1 2 spin-crossover phenomenon.
__label__0, Reaction of mixtures of lanthanide chlorides and transition metal chlorides with lithium oxide at 800°C for 2 h in air provides a facile route to mixed metal oxides of the formulae LnCrO3 and LnFeO3 (Ln = La, Pr, Nd, Sm, Eu, Gd, Dy, Ho, Er, Yb). The solids were characterized by X-ray powder diffraction, SEM, EDAX, FT-IR and magnetic moment measurements.
__label__0, Complexes with different structural features were formed from the reaction of Cu2(MeCOO)4(H2O)2 with various N-methyl derivatives of diethylenetriamine (dien) in the presence of ClO4− or PF6−. Four compounds were obtained and studied by crystallographic methods: [Cu(Me5dien)(MeCOO)(H2O)](ClO4) (1), [Cu(1,4-Me2dien)(MeCOO)](ClO4) (2), [Cu(1,1-Me2dien)(MeCOO)]n(ClO4)n (3) and [Cu(1,1-Me2dien)(MeCOO)]n(PF6)n (4). The differences between the three perchlorate compounds arise in the coordination modes exhibited by the acetato groups: monodentate terminal, asymmetric chelating and syn-anti bridging. In 1 the structure consists of discrete ions, containing terminal monodentate acetato ligands. Compounds 2 contains discrete cations interconnected through hydrogen bonds between the acetato ligand and the tridentate amine and 3 is polymeric, forming an infinite chain through acetato bridges. Compound 4 has a structure similar to 3. The four compounds were characterized by EPR, electronic and IR spectroscopy.
__label__0, In one-pot catalytic reactions phenylsilane was converted to dithiolato ethers (V–XIV) via hydrosilylation and SiS bond-forming reactions by RhCI(PPh3)3. The reaction of phenyl acetylene, phenylsilane and ArSH (Ar = Ph, o-tolyl, p-tolyl) in 1 : 1 : 2 ratio in the presence of RhCI(PPh3)3 (l mole%) gave RCH2CH2Si(SAr)2 and ethylbenzene as a side product. Similar RhCI(PPh3)3 catalysed reactions of RC≡CH, PhSi3, ArSH (Ar = phenyl, p-tolyl, o-tolyl) (1 : 1 : 2 ratio) gave RCHCHSi(SAr)2 in excellent yields ( > 80%).
__label__0, The X-ray crystal structure of the first bridged complex of rhodium with coordinated nbd [(μ-OSiMe3)Rh(nbd)]2 (I) was determined at room temperature. The reaction of I with triphenylphosphine gave monomeric and dimeric products whose formula depends on the [Rh]:[P] ratio, i.e. [Rh(μ-OSiMe3)(nbd)PPh3] (III), for [Rh]:[P] = 1:1 and [(μ-OSiMe3)Rh(PPh3)2] (IV) where [Rh]:[P] = 1:2. The reaction of I with an excess of triethylsilane yielded [RhH2SiEt3(nbd)] (VI) with elimination of triethyltrimethyldisiloxane. The reaction of III with triethylsilane furnished finally VI. Formation of all complexes was followed by 1H and 31P NMR spectroscopy as well as by GC-MS.
__label__0, Three substituted cyclopentadienyl titanium(III) complexes with intramolecular amino group coordination have been prepared and the crystal structure of (C5H4CH2 CH2NMo2)2TiCl(1) has been determined.
__label__0, A mixed-valence MnIII, MnII, MnIII malonate polymeric cluster having a trimeric repeat unit, {[MnII (H2O)4] [Mn(malonate)2 (H2O)]2}n, which is the first example of mixed-valence manganese carboxylate polymeric complex, has been prepared and characterized structurally. This complex behaves as an antiferromagnet and has a Neel temperature of ca 10 K.
__label__0, The title single chain complex 1 was obtained from reaction of ammonium tetrathiotungstate, silver nitrate and tris(hydroxy-methyl)-amino-methane in DMF, and the title double-chain complex 2 from the recrystallization of 1 in ethanol and a little amount of water. The anionic structure of 1 is a [WAgS4]n linear chain, and that of 2 is a [WAgS4]n double chain which can be viewed as two zigzag — SWSAg — chains bridged by μin2-S atoms. In 2, H2O molecules and NH3C(CH2OH)3+ cations interact with each other through hydrogen bonding and form a two-dimensional network supramolecular structure. The inversion of configurations from 1 to 2 by re-self-assembly of [WAgS4] fragments, as well as IR spectra of both complexes, is described.
__label__0, Pseudohalide complexes of the type M{ONC(CN)2}2L2, with M = Cu, L = imidazole (iz), 1-methylimidazole (meiz); M = Ni, Co, L = meiz, Cu{ONC(CN)2}2(meiz)4 M{ONC(CN)2}2(iz)4, with M = Ni, Co, and M{N(CN)2}2L2, with M = Cu, Co, L = meiz; M = Ni, L = iz, meiz have been prepared and characterized by spectroscopic and magnetic techniques. The crystal structure of Cu{ONC(CN)2}2(meiz)4 has been determined by the X-ray diffraction method. The CuII environment is elongated pseudooctahedral, composed of four tertiary meiz nitrogens and two nitrosodicyanomethanide oxygens in longer axial distances. According to spectroscopic results, the remaining compounds show octahedral (Ni, Co) or pseudooctahedral (Cu) structures, realized in the M : L = 1:2 and probably also in the 1:4 compounds by bridging pseudohalide function. Such bridging is evidenced by magnetic properties of Cu{ONC(CN)2}2(meiz)2, being affected by exchange coupling between the paramagnetic metal ions.
__label__0, The X-ray crystal structure of N,N′-diethylaminomethylenephosphonic acid (LH2) shows the molecule to be present as the N-protonated zwitterion. The unusaully large PCN angle [120.1(3)°] is apparently owing to steric factors arising from the “eclipsed” conformation of the ethyl methylene carbon atoms and phosphonate oxygen atoms. Potentiometric titration and determination of the pH dependence pf δ31 (P) were used to elucidate the protonation equilibria for LH2. Stoichiometric stability constants for complexes of LH2 with lead(II) provide evidence that LH2 is selective for lead(II) over most transition metal ions [logβPbLH(PbLH): 11.55±0.12(011); 16.92±0.15(012); 8.13±0.5(013); 7.45±0.18(110); 14.81±0.35(111) −0.49 ± 0.33(01-1)].
__label__0, The reaction between Ru3(CO)12 with ethyl methacrylate in octane followed by separation by TLC has given the new pentaruthenium cluster [(/g-H)2Ru5[μ4-CC(CH3COOC2H5](CO)14]. The product was characterized by elemental analyses, IR, and NMR and the X-ray was determined by diffraction analysis.
__label__0, In late 1979 a two phase heuristic algorithm employing dynamic programming was presented by Steudel for solving the two-dimensional cutting stock problem where all the small rectangles were of the same dimensions, but withour any restrictions that the cutting be performed in a purely “guillotine” fashion. The algorithm was applied to solving the common problem of loading rectangular items of size l by w on a rectangular pallet of size L and W so as to maximize the number of items per layer on the pallet deckboard. In this paper, a new three-phase heuristic is presented which extends the 1979 recursive procedure and evaluates the option of stacking items on their end and/or side surface within the best loading pattern of bottom-stacked items. The resulting pattern is then projected into the third dimension to generate the total “cubic” pallet load. Computation results show that end and/or side stacking (when applicable) can yield average improvements in the range of 5% in items per pallet load.
__label__0, Computer simulation is an important aid for designing manufacturing systems. Computer graphics is an extremely effective medium for communication between man and computer. Because animated simulation graphics is a field whose time has come, the study described herein uses a combination of computer simulation and computer graphics in the designing of a complex manufacturing conveyor system.
__label__0, Fundamental aspects of models that might be used to design and/or manage operations in the flexible manufacturing environment are presented in this paper and demonstrated in hypothetical, but typical, examples. Applications suggest use to coordinate production and assembly operations so that lots are completed as scheduled with minimal levels of in-process inventory. Specific examples include coordinating the delivery of components required to assemble a product, analyzing the throughput and productivity of a robotic cell, and managing the flow of materials amongst cells. Numerical tests in these contexts indicate that the modeling approach, which approximates transient (as well as steady state) operations, gives results that compare favorably with those derived from a simulation model at a substantial runtime advantage. The approach appears to offer a viable means of conceptualizing transient operations and is supported by empirical justification.
__label__0, Robots are sharing the manufacturing work environment with humans at an ever increasing rate. As such it has become imperative to analyze the manufacturing tasks and allocate them properly between humans and robots. A systems approach to task allocation has been taken in this paper that includes inventory of anticipated common tasks in manufacturing, design of products to be manufactured, allocation of tasks between humans and robots, and iterative improvement in product design.
__label__0, The design and configuration of a manufacturing facility requires crucial decisions concerning product mix and capacity. These might involve choosing between dedicated and multi-product facilities, large capacity machines versus a pool of smaller capacity machines, choice of the level of idle capacity (excess over average demand to handle uncertainties), etc. We argue that these decisions should be made not only considering capital costs, but also operational costs. Models are developed which demonstrate that factors like inventory holding costs, lead times, and batch sizes of manufacture play a significant role in capacity and mix decisions. Specific issues examined include costs of switching production from one part type to another and performance under uncertainty of alternate designs of mix and capacity.
__label__0, This research paper presents a group technology-based heuristic for the single machine setup-dependent sequencing problem. An earlier approach of multiple classification analysis used the ‘nearest neighbor’ approach for solving the traditional ‘traveling salesman’ structure for this problem. The new heuristic uses the clustered traveling salesman analogy for the problem to incorporate a one-dimensional clustering algorithm. Intrafamily and interfamily sequencing of parts is achieved by using an absolute measure of setup complexity assuming a bare machine before setup. This measure requires that significant setup attributes be ranked in the order of decreasing complexity. The inspection approach to the selection of similar parts is eliminated in this approach. An optimal solution is not guaranteed by this method. It yields a dominant set of schedules which can be evaluated with time studies. Two examples from the available literature are solved using this method. Extensions of the method to the rationalization of machine tool design are proposed.
__label__0, Kanban systems differ from traditional inventory-oriented pull systems in that they permit consideration of the interaction between production lead time and inventory levels. In this paper, the effect of batch sizing policy on production lead time—and hence on inventory levels and cell performance—is studied. Both single- and dual-card Kanban cells and two-stage Kanban systems are modeled as Markovian processes, and the effect of batch sizing on expected inventory and back order costs is studied. It is further shown that batching policy has a significant impact on costs. The effect of varying the card count in the cell is also examined. The parameters provide substantial control over the performance of Kanban systems.
__label__0, This paper describes the development and application of an error compensation technique for improving the performance of coordinate measuring machines. This procedure requires a complete calibration of the machine and a development of its kinematic model. When applied to a coordinate measuring machine, the technique improved machine performance by an average factor of four. The proposed method considers only geometric positioning errors and can be applied in situations where thermal effects can be safely ignored.
__label__0, This paper describes CASCADE-T—a new approach to tolerance synthesis that uses a complete representation of the conditional tolerance relations that exist between features of a part under design. Conditional tolerances are automatically determined from functional requirements and shape information. Tolerance primitives based on the virtual boundary requirements approach to tolerance representation are composed to form more complex tolerance relationships. Artificial intelligence techniques, including a constraint network, frame-based system, and dependency tracking are used to support flexible and detailed computation for tolerance analysis and synthesis.
__label__0, Design for assembly is a multifaceted problem that includes the determination of shape and size of mating parts and the selection of part production and assembly processes. An analytical method has been previously presented for selecting the dimensions and tolerances of mating parts and the precision of assembly equipment where the mating parts possess simple geometries such as lines and circles. This paper proposes a Monte Carlo modeling, simulation, and inferencing method to make the methodology applicable to the design of assemblies with irregular and complex cross sections. The method is implemented for the ellipse and convex polygon cross sections to illustrate the analytical and geometrical ideas involved. The ellipse model determines the effect of out-of-roundness on the mating of what would ideally be circular parts. The assembly performance of polygon shaped geometries is studied employing two alternative methods; fixed side ratios, and proportional clearances.
__label__0, This paper describes an algorithm that copes with robotic palletization problems. Three characteristics that have not been considered in the literature are important to these problems. They are the stability index when stacking up boxes on the pallet, the random pattern of the incoming sequence of boxes, and the practical performance measures that affect the palletization process such as palletization time, work-in-process, and pallet utilization. The results of the proposed algorithm are presented and compared with other results of existing algorithms in the literature.
__label__0, Setup planning and fixture design is a major missing link in automating process planning for machining. In attempting to automate setup planning and fixture design, requirements for setup and fixturing were studied. Algorithmic and heuristic methods were developed to synthesize and analyze setup plan and fixture configurations. Based on the study, the task of setup planning and fixture design was structured into a setup planning and fixture design plan. The plan was implemented as a system that automatically plans the setup sequence and designs fixture configurations from the toleranced solid model of the finished component. This paper describes the result of the study of the requirements, the setup planning and fixture design plan, and the result of the implementation.
__label__0, We present a dynamic scheduling technique in which performance forecasts from locally controlled subsystems are used as feedback for a higher level controller. The scheduling technique is capable of handling dynamic job arrivals and job rescheduling due to machine failures and material shortages.
__label__0, Tool automation is fast becoming a vital aspect of computer-integrated manufacturing. While studies on the control components of tool management have been many, there are relatively few on the planning components. This paper addresses important issues in tool planning, including tool procurement, tool-life inventory, and use of alternative tools. We will explore the issues and decisions involved in tool requirement planning (TRP). A planning model formulated as a linear program is presented along with an illustrative example. In an era when companies are considering schemes such as just in time (JIT) to minimize product inventory, it should prove fruitful to have a coherent tool procurement and inventory policy as well.
__label__0, A new method for programming a coordinate measuring machine (CMM) is described. A six degrees of freedom position-sensing device is used to identify measurement points on an actual part, thus creating a CMM program. Experimental results indicate that the position-sensing device, although not accurate enough for part inspection, possesses sufficient accuracy for machine programming. These results are verified by writing and executing a CMM program.
__label__0, Process planning bridges the gap between design and manufacturing. In computer-aided process planning (CAPP) systems, the goal is to automatically extract data from a design model and use it for generating plans for manufacturing. The extracted data should correspond to the type of machining process under consideration, and the extraction techniques must work with the computer-aided design (CAD) model representation. We consider manufacturing information/data extraction from geometric models for parallel machines, particularly mill/turn machines. These are a new class of powerful numerically controlled machine tools with parallel machining capabilities, including turning and milling operations. In this paper, we outline methods for (1) computing the machining axis for a part and (2) determining turning volumes for machining. Examples are included for both methods.
__label__0, Consider the production of an evolving family of similar electronic products, each having a short product lifecycle. The fundamental production resources used for assembly are inherently flexible, that is, reconfigurable and reprogrammable. Two distinct strategies can be followed in configuring production facilities: focused facilities, where a facility is dedicated to one product at a time but may be reassigned, and nonfocused facilities, where setup operations permit a variety of products to be produced during a given planning period.
__label__0, Material handling equipment selection, a key concern in material handling system design, is a complex, difficult task and requires extensive technical knowledge and systematic analysis. It is invaluable to justify the selected equipment model by performance evaluation before actual implementation. This paper presents an intelligent knowledge-based expert system called ICMESE for selection and evaluation of material handling equipment suitable for movement and storage of materials in a manufacturing facility. ICMESE consists of four modules: (1) a knowledge base to select an appropriate equipment type, (2) a multicriteria decision-making procedure to choose the most favorable commercial model of the selected equipment type, (3) a database to store the list of commercial models of equipment types with their specifications, and (4) simulators to evaluate the performance of the equipment model. The whole process of ICMESE is executed under an expert system environment.
__label__0, A line of catfish cells, brown bullhead, was tested as an in vitro bioassay system for aflatoxins. The cells were found to be sensitive to 0.02 μg/ml of aflatoxin B1. The rate of cellular degeneration in the cultures was related to the dose of aflatoxin B1.
__label__0, Hexachlorophene (HCP) was fed singly or paired with either aflatoxin B1 (AF), Aroclor 1254 (AR), or dieldrin (D) to Fischer-344 rats for 8 weeks beginning at 5 weeks of age. For HCP fed singly, there was no mortality at 400 ppm or less, 80% mortality in males and 73% in females at 600 ppm, and 100% mortality in both sexes at 820 ppm. Paralysis was apparent in one female at 400 ppm and in all animals at 600 ppm. Minimal neuronal degeneration was evident in the brain at 50 ppm, focal necrosis and myelin vacuolization at 400 ppm or higher, and focal hemorrhage at 600 ppm. While addition of AF at 1 ppm did not affect the toxicity of 600 ppm of HCP, addition of AR at 160 ppm reduced mortality to less than 7%, and addition of D at 100 ppm to a diet containing 900 ppm of HCP reduced mortality from 100 to less than 4%. For both the HCP/AR and the HCP/D combinations, no paralysis was observed, although the histologic changes in the brain were still apparent.
__label__0, The propellants used in aerosols were investigated in anesthetized mice. The 15 propellants studies can be placed into the following three groups: 6 propellants that induce arrhythmia and sensitize the heart to epinephrine; 6 propellants that sensitize the heart to epinephrine-induced arrhythmia; and 3 propellants that neither induce arrhythmia nor sensitize the heart. The most toxic with respect to the induction of cardiac arrhythmia is trichlorofluoromethane (FC 11) which is, coincidentally, the most widely used low pressure propellant in aerosols.
__label__0, The distribution of 14C-labelled aminotriazole (3-amino-1,2,4-triazole) was studied in mice by use of whole body autoradiography, microautoradiography, impulse counting and cellular fractionation. The distribution pictures were characterized by an accumulation in tissues with a rapid cell turnover, e.g. bone marrow, spleen, thymus and gastrointestinal mucosa. The results also indicated that within the cells most radioactivity was localized in the cytoplasm without association with any of the particulate cell fractions. The results were interpreted as aminotriazole being involved in these tissues in some process of cell division - possibly in purine synthesis which has been shown to be the case in various other organisms (bacteria, yeast, algae, higher plants). In the liver most radioactivity was found in the perilobular parts. At long survival intervals the radioactivity was found to be rather high in the pancreatic islets. Only moderate accumulation of radioactivity occurred in the thyroid.
__label__0, The distribution of 14C-labelled hexachlorobiphenyl in male and pregnant female mice was studied by whole-body autoradiography and liquid scintillation counting. Shortly after an intravenous injection there was a strong uptake of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) in the corpora lutea, the adrenal cortex and the liver and radioactivity was retained for a long time in these tissues. Even in the fetal adrenal cortex a considerable accumulation occurred. High activity was also present in the brown fat, the lung, the myocardium, the gastric mucosa, the pituitary and the bone marrow. Radioactivity penetrated slowly to the brain and fetal tissues but the concentration remained consistently low. In the adipose tissues there was a gradual increase in radioactivity and the autoradiograms from the longer survival times were dominated by these sites. There was a continuous biliary excretion of labelled material to the small intestine; this occurred in the fetuses as well.
__label__0, Elimination, distribution and metabolism of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) were studied in the rat by the tracer technique.
__label__0, The dose- and time-related hepatotoxic effects of acetaminophen were investigated in rats using biochemical parameters as indices of hepatotoxicity supplemented by the histophatological examination of the livers. The acute or subacute (twice daily for 7 days) administration of 0.25 g/kg acetaminophen did not produce any noticeable heptocellular damage. On the other hand, dose-dependent elevations in serum enzyme glutamic-oxaloacetic transminase (GOT), glutamic-pyruvic transaminase (GPT) and sorbitol dehydrogenase (SDH) activities and hepatic triglyceride (TG)_levels were observed following the administration of single doses of 0.5 and 1 g/kg acetominophen. Maximal hepatic damage occured 12–18 h after acute dosing, while the hepatic function returned to control levels by 48–72 h.
__label__0, It is accepted practice in presenting organ weight data to express the results relative to the animal's body weight. The data presented suggest that in rats no benefits are obtained from this method either in reducing the variability of the data or in removing bias due to different body weights. By using simulated data it is further shown that relative weights can lead to erroneous conclusions and misinterpretation of drug effects and it is concluded that workers should present their results in absolute as opposed to relative weights.
__label__0, The surfactant α-olefin sulphonate (AOS) was fed to rats at dietary levels of 1000, 2500 and 5000 ppm for a period of 2 years.
__label__0, The effects of ebdosulfan on the weights of the liver, adrenal and ovary, on pentobarbital blood and brain levels and on sleeping time (ST) have been investigated in female rats after daily oral doses of 0, 1.0, 2.5 and 5.0 mg/kg for a period of 7 or 15 days. No significant change in body weight was observed. With higher doses (2.5–5.0 mg/kg) the liver weight was significantly increased, but ovary and adrenal weights did not increase. Endosulfan treatment shortened sleeping time, while induction time was significantly increased. The concentration of pentobarbital in the blood and brain of rats after 30 min and upon awakening indicated that there was a significant decrease at 30 min. No change at awakening was observed in endosulfan-treated rats as compared to controls. It is suggested that endosulfan may shorten the duration of pentobarbital-induced sleep, perhaps by induction of hepatic microsomal enzyme activity.
__label__0, A modified Draize procedure was used to test 23 natural and 46 synthetic perfume ingredients for their potential to induce allergic contact dermatitis in guinea pigs. Fifty-three ingredients did not induce sensitization. Two synthetic ingredients showed a strong sensitization potential and 14 ingredients, 7 natural and 7 synthetic, showed a weak sensitization potential. The findings indicate that there is little risk of sensitization in man to most of these perfume ingredients.
__label__0, The effects of monosodium L-glutamate (MSG) on the brain of mice were examined by light-microscopy under the intended conditions of use of this material. Basal diet containing 5, 10 or 15% w/w MSG was fed to pregnant, lactating and weaning mice and libitum, resulting in the ingestion of 14.0, 42.8 or 42.0 g/kg body wt. of MSG a day respectively. Mice at the same developmental stages were given the basal diet and 5% w/w MSG in aqueous solution ad libitum, the maximum ingestion of MSG being 16.9 31.4 and 26.8 g/kg body wt. a day respectively. Light-microscopy examination revealed no pathological changes in the hypothalamic arcuate nuclei (AN) of all treated mice, i.e. pregnant females and their fetuses, lactating females and their sucklings, and weanling mice. Pregnant females and their fetuses, and weanling mice, injected subcutaneously with either 5.0 or 4.0 g/kg body wt. of MSG, showed “Glu-type lesions” in the hypothalamus.
__label__0, Ponceau 6R (the tetrasodium salt of 1-(4-sulpho-1-naphthyl-azo)-2-naphthol-3,6,8-trisulphonic acid) was fed to pigs at dietary levels of 0 (control), 100, 500 and 1500 mg/kg body wt./day for 102–105 days.
__label__0, Human scalp hair follicles contain an enzyme system that metabolizes the carcinogen benzo[a]pyrene. The major ethyl acetate soluble metabolites are 7,8-dihydro-7,8-dihydroxybenzo[a]pyrene,9,10-dihydro-9,10-dihydroxy-benzo[a]pyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene. Addition of 1,1,1-trichloropropene-2,3-oxide (TCPO), an inhibitor of epoxide hydratase, prevents the formation of the dihydrodiols. The overall metabolism can be inhibited by the addition of α-naphthoflavone. The metabolism of benzo[a]pyrene in a cell culture of human scalp hair follicles has also been investigated. The results show that the activity of arylhydrocarbon hydroxylase (AHH) and epoxide hydratase (EH) is maintained in culture.
__label__0, Female rats were exposed by inhalation to trichloroethylene (TCE) vapors at a concentration of 1800 ± 200 ppm to determine whether exposure before mating and during pregnancy is more detrimental to reproductive outcome than exposure either before mating alone or during pregnancy alone. Four treatment groups were utilized in a two by two factorial design: exposure to TCE for 2 weeks before mating and during the first 20 days of pregnancy; TCE before mating and filtered air during pregnancy; filtered air before mating and TCE during pregnancy; and filtered air before and during pregnancy. Significant elevations in skeletal and soft tissue anomalies, indicative of developmental delay in maturation rather than teratogenesis, were observed in the group exposed during pregnancy alone. The mixed function oxidase enzymes, ethoxycoumarin and ethoxyresorufin, indicative of cytochrome P-450 and P-448 activities, respectively, were measured in maternal and fetal livers, as well as livers of non-pregnant females, and showed variable levels of activity not uniformly related to treatment or pregnancy. Behavioral evaluation of offspring indicated a lack of treatment effect in tests of general activity levels at 10, 20 and 100 days of age. However, a reduction in postnatal body weights was seen in offspring from mothers with pregestational exposure. No results indicative of treatment-related maternal toxicity, embryotoxicity, severe teratogenicity or significant behavioral deficits were obtained in any of the treatment groups.
__label__0, PKU cards were obtained for 50 one-year-old children whose cord blood lead, maternal blood lead and household water lead were known. These 3 values are known to correlate well. Lead values were measured from the blood on the cards, and correlated significantly with the other values. However, predictive validity was poor due to card contamination and it is felt that, for the individual patient, this is not reliable retrospective index of blood lead at the time of birth.
__label__0, Chlordiazepoxide HCl, a widely used tranquilizer, was evaluated for pre- and postnatal effects in rats by dosing orally on days 1–21 of gestation. In the prenatal study, maternally tolerated doses of 10, 25, 50 or 100 mg/kg/day of chlordiazepoxide produced a dose-related decrease in fetal weight and an increased incidence of skeletal anomalies. The latter consisted of retarded calvarial ossification and miscellaneous sternal defects. In the postnatal study, the parturition was delayed for 24 h in a few dams from the 25 and 50 mg/kg groups. There was a reduction in the pup survival and mean pup weight, an increase in the number of runts, an impairment in locomotion and a delay in hair growth and opening of vagina. The 12-week-old female offspring in the 50 mg/kg group manifested a marked prolongation of hexobarbital sleeping time; suggesting that the hepatic microsomal enzymes have been suppressed in these animals.
__label__0, Decrease of reduced glutathione (GSH) was induced in isolated rat hepatocytes by incubation with acrolein or acrylonitrile for 120 min or exposure to the products of oxidative thermal degradation of acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene copolymer (ABS), styrene-acrylonitrile copolymer (SAN), and high impact polystyrene (SB). The decrease of GSH by acrolein was rapid but the cells soon recovered at acrolein concentrations of 0.025–0.25 mM. 0.5 mM acrolein depleted the cells of GSH and they were uncapable of further GSH synthesis. At concentrations of 0.25–0.5 mM concomitant lipid peroxidation impaired the integrity of the cell membranes. Also acrylonitrile induced a dose dependent GSH decrease at concentrations of 0.05–1 mM. Neither membrane damage nor lipid peroxidation was detected during 120-min incubations at these acrylonitrile concentrations.
__label__0, Two tissue culture methods and 5 cell lines were compared in measuring the values of cytotoxicity 50 per cent (CT50) and CT0 of 40 different drugs and 25 diverse chemical compounds. The CT50 values obtained under each cell culture technique used did not show significant differences.
__label__0, Six rabbits were exposed for 4 months (5 days/week, 6 h/day) and 6 rabbits for 8 months to approx. 0.1 mg/m3 of metallic nickel dust (U.S. threshold limit value (TLV) 1 mg/m3). Another 8 rabbits were exposed for 4–6 weeks (5 days/week, 6 h/day) to 0.3 mg/m3 (as Ni) of nickel chloride (U.S. TLV 0.1 mg/mn3). After exposure lungs were lavaged. Concentration of lysozyme in the lavage fluid was estimated with the lyso-plate technique (agar plates with heat-killed Micrococcus lysodeikticus after macrophages had been removed. All 3 exposed groups had markedly lower concentrations of lysozyme than corresponding controls. Mean values in controls and exposed rabbits were: for 4 months metallic nickel dust exposure 2.3 and ≤ 0.04 μg/ml; for 8 months metallic nickel dust exposure 14. and ≤ 0.5 μg/ml; and for nickel chloride exposure 1.9 and ≤ 0.4 μg/ml.
__label__0, This review concerns some of the cell culture systems that are most frequently used in toxicology investigations. In particular, it sets out to evaluate the effectiveness of these cell culture systems in assessing the toxic potential of chemicals. Metabolic studies and general and specific toxicology investigations are highlighted. Specific toxicology investigations relate to the effects of the tested substances on the highly specialized functions typical of the cell systems chosen. The general toxicology investigations include most of the other studies where differentiated cells have been used to evaluate the effects of the tested substances on common basic biochemical processes essential for life. Lastly, we have attempted to focus attention on the most promising applications of cell cultures in toxicology studies for the near future and to identify those areas where further research is needed. Because of the several excellent reviews that already exist, we have decided not to consider cell cultures utilized in screening potential mutagens and carcinogens. We have also excluded investigations of drug therapeutic effects and action mechanisms of drugs.
__label__0, The effect of acute (600 mg/kg body wt) and chronic (15 mg/kg body wt/day for 45 days) 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis-(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (DDT) treatments of albino rats on the lipolytic activity of the adipose tissue was studied. There was no effect on the rate of glycerol released on incubation of isolated epididymal fat pads of the treated animals when compared to that of controls. Similarly, in vitro addition of DDT (10−4 M) (35.4 ppm) to the fat pads did not alter their lipolytic response. Noradrenaline (NA) stimulated lipolysis, in fat pads, was also unaffected by in vitro addition of DDT. Basal as well as NA or caffeine stimulated lipolysis in isolated fat cells also remained unchanged in the presence of DDT over a range of concentrations from 10−8 M to 10−4 M.
__label__0, We assessed the effects of a pared diet (20, 60 or 150 g/day for days 6–20 after coitus) on the course of pregnancy in rabbits. Dams receiving 20 g/day manifested a marked weight loss, 5 of 6 animals aborted and in the remaining dam, the litter size, fetal and placental weight were significantly lower than in the controls. In the 60 g/day group, the maternal body weight remained stable throughout the observation period; the number of dead embryos on fetuses was significantly higher, that of live fetuses lower, than in the controls. Feedings on the 150 g/day group did not markedly differ from the controls, indicating that pregnant rabbits require at least 150 g of food/day.
__label__0, The carcinogenicity of maleic hydrazide is discussed by several national and international organizations because of contradictory results of a number of carcinogenecity studies carried out in the past. Because maleic hydrazide is used in agriculture on edible crops, an oral carcinogenicity study with rats was carried out for 28 months at dietary levels of 0, 1.0 and 2.0% maleic hydrazide which contained less than 1.5 mg hydrazine/kg product as impurity.
__label__0, The effect of trans-stilbene oxide (TSO) on organ function and morphology and on drug-metabolizing enzymes was determined in male Sprague-Dawley rats. TSO (300 or 600 mg/kg) was administered i.p., once daily for 5 consecutive days. At a dose of 300 mg/kg, TSO did not alter body weight, but increased liver weight. The higher dose (600 mg/kg) markedly decrease body weight. TSO treatment (300 mg/kg) induced several drug-metabolizing enzymes. Epoxide hydrolase actity was enhanced in the liver, kidney and lung. In contrast, arylhydrocarbon hydroxylase activity was not significantly altered. Glutathione S-transferase, with 1-chloro-2,4-dinitrobenzene as substrate, and uridine diphosphoglucuronyl transferase activity, with p-nitrophenol as substrate, were also increased in the liver and kidney after TSO treatment. It appears that TSO induces hepatic and renal enzyme activities in a similar manner. Treatment with the higher dose of TSO depressed accumulation p-amino-hippurate by renal cortical slices and increased blood urea nitrogen concentration. Histological examination of kidney sections after treatment with TSO revealed no abnormality. The lower dose led to negligible alteration in liver and the higher dose resulted in mild to moderate hepatic cellular changes. Thus, 5 days of treatment with TSO at a dose of 300 mg/kg/day appears to induce drug-metabolizing enzyme activities without altering functional and histological integrity of the liver and kidneys, suggesting that like phenobarbital and 3-methylcholanthrene, TSO may be a useful tool in elucidating the functional role of drug metabolizing enzymes in these organs.
__label__0, Alveolar macrophages from 9 normal rabbits were incubated in vitro for 3 h with and without phospholipid-containing surfactant from nickel-treated ones. The macrophages treated with surfactant showed morphological and functional criteria of increased activity. The cell surface had many protrustions and the cytoplasma contained several lamellated structures. The oxidative metabolism, measured by the nitroblue tetrazolium (NBT)-test, at rest and after E. coli stimulation was increased, as was the attachment and ingestion of yeast particles. The NBT-values were about the same as corresponding values of macrophages lavaged from the lungs of nickel-treated rabbits. Macrophages incubated with surfactant from untreated animals, had NBT values and phagocytic activity similar to cells incubated without surfactant. As this substance was administered in excess, thje difference in macrophages response would probably be due to a qualitative alteration of the surfactant after nickel exposure.
__label__0, Urinary metabolites of rats treated with benzidine and some other genotoxic aromatic amines became mutagenic in the Ames assay after activation with liver cytosol from rat, mouse and guinea pig. Most of the mutagenic metabolites appeared in urine as glucuronides. Strong evidence was found that N,O- acyltransferase is responsible for the mutagenic activation by rat liver cytosol. The inhibitory effect of paraoxon and sodium fluoride indicates that the activation by mouse liver cytosol is due to the action of deacetylase. Mutagenic activation by guinea pig liver cytosol seemed to be mediated in part by deacetylase. The metabolite activated by these enzymes most likely is a glucuronidated, N-acetylated, N-hydroxylated product.
__label__0, The induction of cytogenetic effects by oil shale retort process waters from 3 types of pilot plant retors were examined in murine bone marrow. Each of the process waters induced increased frequencies of structural aberrations in mice treated with 3 daily intraperitoneal injections of the waters. The same treatment had no effect on the frequency of siter chromatid exchanges. Mice given at 1% solution of an above-ground retort water ad libitum for 8 weeks consumed about 1 ml/kg per day of the process water and had a frequency of aberrations comparable to mice given the same dose intraperitoneally for 3 days. Transplacental exposure of C3H mouse embryos indicated that clastogenic compounds in the above-ground retort process water can cross the placenta and induce chromosomal aberrations in embryonic tissues.
__label__0, Tetrabutyl phosphonium chloride and tetrabutyl phosphonium bromide were evaluated for their potential to cause primary dermal irritation and acute dermal toxicity in rabbits. Both chemicals were found to not only be severely irritating to skin, but the pure hygroscopic chemicals caused death in more than half the number of rabbits used in the primary dermal irritation tests. Further investigations revealed the single-application dermal LD50 of tetrabutyl phosphonium chloride (Bu4PCl) (using an ethylene carbonate (EC) vehicle) was 600 mg/kg for male rabbits and 500 mg/kg for female rabbits. The single-application dermal LD50 of tetrabutyl phosphonium bromide (Bu4PBr) (using the EC vehicle) was 700 mg/kg for male rabbits and 850 mg/kg for female rabbits. The dermal LD50 of pure undiluted Bu4PCl was 225 mg/kg for male rabbits. These data indicate that Bu4PCl and Bu4PBr represent a substantial acute dermal toxicity hazard.
__label__0, Isolated rat liver cells were shown to metabolize the aromatic amine benzidine to reactive products which are mutagenic to Salmonella typhimurium TA 1538 and which give rise to DNA excision repair within the liver cells. Intact rat liver cells are shown to be more active in the formation of mutagenic metabolites than the 9000-g supernatant from these cells. Data are presented which are in favour of the role of N-acetylation in this respect. Furthermore, indications are presented that a sulfation reaction is involved in the generation of DNA modifying metabolites, whereas formation of mutagenic products is likely to proceed via deacetylation and/or N,O-acyltransfer.
__label__0, With a view to evaluate the possible teratogenic potential of 1-methane-sulphonyl-3-(1-methyl-5-nitro-5-1H-imidazole-2-yl)-2- imidazolidinone (Go 10213), groups of pregnant rats were medicated orally with: 0, 100, 300 and 600 mg/kg of the compound daily from day 6 to day 15 of gestation. Foetuses were removed on day 20 of gestation, and were examined for their mortality, size, weight and any gross malformation. One third of the foetuses were fixed in Bouin's Fluid and sectioned by Wilson's technique for histological evaluation. The remaining pups were examined for the skeletal anomalies.
__label__0, Adult Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets containing FD and C red dye No. 40 for 2 weeks and were then bred. The diets were continued for the females throughout gestation and lactation and were provided continuously to their offspring thereafter. The treatment groups were: FD and C red dye No. 40 as 0.0, 2.5, 5.0 or 10.0% of the diet, and a positive control group treated with the toxin hydroxyurea on days 2–10 of life with 50 mg/kg/day given s.c. as a positive control group. Parental animals were evaluated for weight and food consumption, and females for reproductive success. The offspring were assessed on a series of tests using the Cincinnati Psychoteratogenicity Screening Test Battery. Additional measures were weight, food consumption, physical landmarks of development, and brain weight. Red-40 significantly reduced reproductive success, parental and offspring weight, brain weight, survival, and female vaginal patency development. Behaviorally, R40 produced substantially decreased running wheel activity, and slightly increased postweaning open-field rearing activity. Overall, R40 produced evidence of both physical and behavioral toxicity in developing rats at doses of up to 10% of the diet.
__label__0, Ferritin binds a large quantity of Be2+ (Price D.J. and Joshi, J.G. J. Biol. Chem. 258 (1983) 10873) as well as other divalent metal ions. Therefore the ability of this protein to protect enzymes against or reverse the inhibition by metal ions was studied. Evidence presented here shows that the inhibition by Be2+ of the enzymes Na+K+ATPase, alkaline phosphatase and phosphoglucomutase] is reversed by ferritin. Be2+ can be transfered reversibly between phosphoglucomutase and ferritin depending upon the relative concentrations of the 2 proteins. Ferritin also reactivated phosphoglucomutase inhibited by Zn2+, Cu2+, or Cd2+. Incubation of ferritin containing Be2+ with 4–10-fold molar excess of phosphoglucomutase (with respect to Be2+) removed 90% of the Be2+ from ferritin. The rates of inactivation of phosphoglucomutase by Be2+ donated by apoferritin or ferritin were identical. Based upon these observations it is suggested that Be2+ bound to the protein shell and to the iron core are in equilibrium with each other with the equilibrium favoring ferritin-Be2+ complex.
__label__0, An inhalation toxicity study of L fumes generated from the manual metal arc (MMA) welding of mild steel with a Lime electrode and S fumes generated from the MMA welding of stainless steel with a Lime-titania electrode has been carried out in rats.
__label__0, N-(3,5-Dichlorophenyl)succinimide (NDPS) has proven to be one of the most nephrotoxic compounds of a series of N-(halophenyl)succinimides. Previous studies in our laboratory have demonstrated that chlorine content and position on the phenyl ring are important determinants for NDPS-induced nephrotoxicity. The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between the electron donating or withdrawing nature of phenyl group substituents and the nephrotoxic potential of the corresponding fungicides. Rats were administered a para-substituted N-phenylsuccinimide (0.4 or 1.0 mmol/kg, i.p.) or sesame oil (2.5 ml/kg, i.p.), and renal function was monitored at 24 h and 48 h. In Sprague-Dawley rats, a clear nephrotoxicity was was produced by NDPS. Weak nephrotoxicity was produced by N-(4-tert-butylphenyl)succinimed (NBPS). NDPS also was the most nephrotoxic compound in Fischer 344 rats, while weak nephrotoxicity was produced by NBPS. Lipophilic character (e.g. partition coefficient) did not correlate with acute nephrotoxicity in either rat strain. These results also indicate that there is a no correlation between the electronic nature of the phenyl substituents and resulting nephrotoxicity.
__label__0, Single-pass perfusion in situ of mouse livers with the organophosphate paraoxon resulted in formation of p-nitrophenol (PNP), p-nitrophenyl sulfate (PNPS), and p-nitrophenyl-β-D-glucuronide (PNPG). Following initiation of perfusion of paraoxon steady—state conditions were achieved in 15–25 min, at which time the extraction ratio was 0.55 (S.D. = 0.05). This suggests the capacity of mouse liver to biotransform paraoxon is not as great as previously reported. At all concentrations of paraoxon examined the amount of PNPS produced exceeded that of PNPG. However, as the concentration of paraoxon increased the relative proportion of PNP to PNPS and PNPG increased, indicating the capacity of liver to biotransform paraoxon exceeded the capacity to biotransform PNP. Single-pass perfusion in situ of mouse livers with PNP resulted in production of PNPS and PNPG. As with paraoxon, steady—state conditions were achieved in 15–25 min. The extraction ratio of PNP, as well as the metabolic profile, changed markedly with varying concentrations of PNP. At PNP reservoir concentrations of 4 μM or less the extraction ratio of PNP was 1, with all PNP metabolized to PNPS. As PNP concentrations increased (up to 75 μM) both unchanged PNP and PNPG appeared in the effluent. Thus the hepatic biotransformation of PNP was clearly dependent on substrate concentration.
__label__0, The osteolathyrogenic agent semicarbazide was assayed for its toxicity and teratogenicity using early embryos of the frog Xenopus laevis. The 96-h LC50 is 1504.20 mg/l while the 96-h EC50 is 76.28 mg/l. Embryo length is altered prior to the onset of other effects indicated by a reduction in stage of development. The major malformation is associated with the notochord where the notochordal sheath is reduced owing to the disruption in the maturation and/or deposition of the connective tissue fibers.
__label__0, The present study was designed to elucidate whether cephaloridine-induced lipid peroxidation is inhibited by probenecid, cobalt chloride and antioxidants such as α-tocopherol and N,N′-diphenyl-p-phenylenediamine (DPPD). Kidney slices obtained from the renal cortex of male Wistar rats were incubated for 1 h in a cephaloridine or cefotaxime (1.25–10 mg/ml) containing medium. In another series of experiments, kidney slices were incubated with cephaloridine or cefotaxime (5 mg/ml) for different periods of time (30–120 min). Lipid peroxidation was monitored by measuring the production of malondialdehyde (MDA). Subsequently, kidney slices were incubated in both series of experiments, in a cephalosporin free medium containing tetraethyl-ammonium (TEA). Accumulation of TEA in renal cortical slices, expressed as slice to medium ratio (S/M), was used to measure changes in the transport capacity of the kidney cells.
__label__0, Synthetic antioxidants lead in vitron to increased H2O2 formation in rat liver and lung microsomes and in guinea pig and hamster liver microsomes. Butylated hydroxyanisole and ethoxyquin are more potent than propyloctyl-, and dodecyl gallate; butylated hydroxytoluene is only weakly active. Extra production of H2O2 is maximal at antioxidant concentrations between 50 and 500 μM and is dependent on the concentration of NADPH. It is paralleled by increased microsomal oxygen consumption and decreased concentration of oxycytochrome P-450 and is enhanced by pretreatment of the animals with phenobarbital. Both the endogenous and the antioxidant-stimulated H2O2 production are inhibited by metyrapone. In vivo administration of ethoxyquin and butylated hydroxyanisole in the diet leads to decreased oxycytochrome P-450 concentrations but not to increased H2O2 formation in liver microsomes. No extra production of H2O2 was observed in a glucose oxidase or xanthine oxidase system; rather, inhibition occurred in the latter system. Our data suggest that antioxidants enhance the oxidase function of cytochrome P-450. This effect is discussed in view of the known toxicity of these food additives.
__label__0, The increased susceptibility of the pregnant rat to intraperitoneally administered nickel (Ni) is apparent at 12 and 19 days of pregnancy and cannot be due, therefore, to be increase in total body weight. Teratogenic malformations occur when Ni is administered during organogenesis and are maximal at dose levels that are toxic for the dam. The yolk was sac and chorioallantoic placentas accumulate Ni, but this does not prevent the transport of the metal to the embryo or foetus. The Ni concentrations in the comceptuses decrease more slowly with time than those in the maternal organs. In the foetuses, the decrease in concentration is due to the increase in weight, since the content of Ni increases between 4 h and 24 h. Foetal uptake of [14C]thymidine, [3H]leucine and 65Zn is unaffected at 3 h after the injection of the dam with 4 mg Ni/kg body wt. Incorporation of [3H]leucine into foetal protein, but not the incorporation of [3C]-thymidine into DNA, is decreased at this time. A major effect of treatment with this teratogenic dose is an increase in the maternal plasma glucose concentration which, in turn, alters the supply of the sugar to the foetus. The possible relevance of temporary foetal hyperglycaemia to teratogenesis is discussed.
__label__0, Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) produced hepatocellular carcinomas in rodents at high doses in a NTP/NCI bioassay. DEHP has not shown evidence of genotoxic activity in in vitro mutagenecity tests. We extended these studies by examining the mutagenicity of urine from rats dosed with DEHP, 2-ethylhexanol (2-EH), and several other 2-EH derived plasticizers, i.e. di-(2-ethylhexyl)adipate (DEHA), di-(2-ethylhexyl)terephthalate (DEHT) and tri-(2-ethylhexyl)trimellitate (TEHT). A modified Ames Salmonella/microsome assay was used to determine mutagenicity. Urine was pooled from male Sprague-Dawley rats dosed daily for 15 days with 2000 mg/kg of each test substance with the exception of 2-EH which was given at 1000 mg/kg. Direct plating procedures were used to determine the presence of mutagens in urine. Urine from rats dosed with 8-hydroxyquinoline was used as a positive control. There was no evidence that mutagenic substances were excreted in the urine by rats dosed with either DEHP, DEHA, DEHT, TEHT or 2-EH as determined in the presence or absence of rat liver microsomes, and with or without treatment with β-glucuronidase/aryl sulfatase. Our findings indicate that the above test compounds were not converted to urinary metabolites that were mutagenic. These observations provide no evidence for a genotoxic mechanism for DEHP carcinogenicity in rodents.
__label__0, Tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) is presently being employed in clinical trials for the therapy of various neurological disorders. The toxicity of BH4 in mice was analyzed by acute and subchronic intraperitoneal and acute oral survival studies. Organ weight analysis and histopathology were performed after acute and subchronic i.p. administration. The effect of probenecid on BH4 toxicity was also tested.
__label__0, Male CD-1 mice were treated with carbon tetrachloride (CCl4, 1 ml/kg, i.p.), or allyl alcohol (AA, 0.05 ml/kg, i.p.) or both 24 h prior to sacrifice. The livers were removed, homogenized and mitochondrial preparations were fractionated. Electron micrographs of the mitochondrial pellet from the livers of mice treated with CCl4 showed lysed and fragmented mitochondria as well as a few condensed mitochondria. No normal intact mitochondria were observed. The mitochondrial pellet from AA-treated livers was characterized by a preponderance of condensed mitochondria whether CCl4 was given also or not. The mitochondrial fraction from CCl4-treated mice failed to utilize oxygen whereas that fraction from mice given AA did not differ from control in either its basal oxygen consumption (state 4) or oxygen utilization after the addition of adenosine diphosphate (state 3). State 4 respiration differed slightly but significantly from control in mitochondria from mice given both AA and CCl4 whereas state 3 respiration was greatly and significantly decreased from that of control values. Electron micrographs of liver slices from mice given AA or the combination of AA and CCl4 showed normal mitochondrial morphology. Thus, AA appears to exert an influence, perhaps at the level of the mitochondrial membrane, which is manifested only after their isolation. This effect which results in the condensation of isolated mitochondria serves to partially protect them against CCl4, but it did not prevent the characteristic CCl4-induced centrilobular necrosis.
__label__0, When (±) gossypol acetic acid was administered to male Sprague-Dawley rats for 26 weeks, the most significant toxicological finding was marked suppression of body weight gain in rats receiving 25 mg/kg per day. Minor biochemical changes were noted at this dosage level. Terminal studies showed 6 out of 20 rats receiving 25 mg/kg per day to have varying degrees of testicular pathology. Five mg/kg per day was shown to be a “no effect” level.
__label__0, Although various theories have been proposed to account for the mechanism of cadmium-induced cellular injury, none have received strong, direct support from experimental data. An interference with sulfhydryl groups is one of the proposed mechanisms. The ability of reduced glutathione (GSH) to protect hepatocytes from the toxic effects of cadmium has been investigated. When added just prior to cadmium, GSH has a pronounced protective effect, while an additional 15 min after cadmium resulted in partial protection against the ensuing loss of cellular potassium ion. The protection against loss of aspartate aminotransferase into the medium is pronounced, regardless of whether addition of GSH is at zero time or 15 min after cadmium. Addition of the GSH at either time resulted in reduced levels of cadmium associated with the hepatocytes, and may well account for these protective properties of GSH. Protein-bound sulfhydryl groups showed a small decrease in response to cadmium but only after cell injury had been initiated. These data allow the conclusion that cadmium does not exert its cytotoxic effects by simple, single irreversible interaction with cellular thiol groups. Furthermore, as the added GSH remains extracellular, these data indicate that protection can be afforded at an extracellular level even after intracellular exposure to toxic concentrations of cadmium.
__label__0, A quantitative animal model was developed to study amelioration of carbon tetrachloride-induced hepatic injury by post-toxicant administration of cystamine. Amelioration of CCl4-induced injury by post-toxicant cystamine treatment was compared to prevention of injury by cystamine pretreatment and possible mechanisms of the post-toxicant cytoprotective effect were investigated. Pretreatment of rats with cystamine dihydrochloride (300 mg/kg, p.o.) 30 min prior to CCl4 (0.25 ml/kg, i.p.) prevented CCl4-induced hepatic necrosis, plasma enzyme elevations, and hepatic calcium accumulation. When administered up to 12 h after CCl4, a single oral dose of cystamine inhibited necrosis in a dose-dependent manner, but did not reduce CCl4-induced plasma enzyme elevation or hepatic calcium accumulation. Cystamine post-treatment, therefore, does not appear to inhibit toxicant-induced influx of extracellular calcium into toxicant-damaged cells. This also suggests that the influx of extracellular calcium does not necessarily constitute an irreversible event leading to cell death. The mild hypothermia induced by post-toxicant treatment with cystamine did not delay the apperance of the lesion. Evidence for a slightly earlier regeneration of hepatic tissue was noted when cystamine was administered 12 h after CCl4. However, this effect was observed too long after exposure to the toxicant to account for the protection from necrosis observed 24 h after CCl4.
__label__0, Groups of male Wistar albino rats were administered diets containing sufficient fenofibrate to ensure intakes of either 200, 60 or 13 mg/kg/day or sufficient clofibrate to ensure an intake of 400 mg/kg/day. Four rats from each experimental group and 6 control rats were killed, 3, 7, 14 and 28 days, 8, 12 and 20 weeks and 6, 9, 12 and 18 months after commencement of treatment. At all time points livers were subjected to histological, electron microscopic and biochemical examination, the other major abdominal organs were removed for histological examination. A more extensive necropsy was carried out on rats killed after 12 and 18 months. The major alterations were observed in the liver, although there were also morphological changes in the thyroid, pancreas and kidney after prolonged treatment. The hepatic changes followed a distinct time course. Within 24 h of offering diets containing the compounds to the rats there was accumulation of small droplets of lipid, induction of peroxisomal enzymes and of the specific cytochrome P-450 catalysing ω-hydroxylation of fatty acids and an increase in the number of mitotic figures. More slowly developing changes were loss from the centrilobular zone of fat, glycogen and of glucose 6-phosphatase activity. Here maximal changes were observed after 14 days of treatment. A still more slowly developing change was accumulation of enlarged lipid-loaded lysosomes, which was maximal at 26 weeks, accompanied by the development of lipofuscin bodies. Finally, in animals treated for 12 months or more there was evidence for increasing cell turnover as indicated by an increased number of mitotic figures, more dark cells and induction of serum alanine transaminase. The last 2 groups of changes were not observed in rats treated with 13 mg/kg/day of fenofibrate. In general the degree of change in rats treated with 400 mg/kg/day of clofibrate was similar to those found in rats treated with 60 mg/kg/day of fenofibrate.
__label__0, The effect of the food additive butylated hydroxyanisole on the nitrosation of dibutylamine was studied in vitro and in vivo, in rats.
__label__0, Nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and sulfuric acid (H2SO4) are important constituents of the gas-particle complex in ambient air. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of combined exposures upon the clearance of insoluble tracer particles from the respiratory region of the lungs. Rabbits were the animal model, and were exposed for 2 h/day for 14 days to either 0.3 ppm NO2, 1 ppm NO2, or 500 μg/m3 H2SO4 alone, or to mixtures of the low and high NO2 concentrations with acid. Inhaled singly, both concentrations of NO2 accelerated clearance while H2SO4 retarded it, compared to control. Exposure to the combination of 0.3 ppm NO2 plus H2SO4 resulted in a response which was not different from that due to the acid alone. However, exposure to 1 ppm NO2 plus H2SO4 resulted in a clearance pattern which differed from that of both NO2 and H2SO4, but was more similar to that of the latter.
__label__0, Time dependent changes in urinary biochemical indicators for renal tubular injury and dysfunction were determined in female Wistar rats after an intraperitoneal injection of cadmium-metallothionein (Cd-MT) (50, 150 or 300 μg Cd/kg body wt) to further characterize the tubular damage caused by Cd. The Cd-MT injection caused dose-dependent increases in urinary activities of the enzymes (alkaline phosphatase; γ-glutamyl transpeptidase; lactate dehydrogenase, LDH; N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase) on day 1, which appeared to reflect the tubular injury. The rate of increase in LDH, a cytosolic enzyme, was the largest among those of the enzymes. This result coincided with the data reported for repeated administration of ionic Cd to rats, suggesting that the feature of tubular injury caused by an injection of Cd-MT is similar to that by chronic exposure to ionic Cd. Changes in urinary glucose and total protein, indicators of tubular dysfunction, and metals (Cd, zinc and copper) were accompanied with those in urinary enzymes. Hydrocarbons in breath of rats injected with Cd-MT at a dose of 300 μg Cd/kg body weight were also determined as an indicator of in vivo lipid peroxidation. The levels of ethane and propane were significantly increased at 12 h after injection, which suggests that lipid peroxidation is partly involved in the tubular damage reflected by the increases in urinary enzymes.
__label__0, The effect of 2,5 hexanedione (2,5 HD) on a cultured human melanoma cell line (JR8) was explored. The addition of the toxicant at noncytolitic concentrations (0.08–0.16%) to the monolayers for 24 and 48 h, resulted in an irreversible inhibition of cell proliferation. Cessation of melanoma cell proliferation was accompanied by wide changes in morphological features of cells still adhering to the substrate. Incubation with the toxicant seemed to induce a differentiative process characterized mainly by a significant increase in cell protrusions. Melanoma cells, losing their bipolar appearance, often increased cell size and developed long dendritic and axon-like processes sometimes ramified in distal portions. Electron microscopic observations established that a change in the polarized appearance of control cells often occurred with 2,5 HD treatment and that a regular arrangement of organelles and cytoskeletal elements was detectable within these dendritic and axon-like protrusions. Furthermore, immunocytochemical studies confirmed an involvement of microtubules and actin network within cell prolongations. After the differentiative process a necrotizing effect occurred, inducing a progressive loss of viable, dendritic cells after 4 or 5 days. Incubation with cyclic AMP was ineffective in control cells while after 2,5 HD treatment seemed to increase the survival rate of neuronal-like cells. Possible mechanisms for the growth inhibitory and differentiative effects of 2,5 HD were discussed.
__label__0, Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets containing either 0.5% clofibric acid (CA) or 2% di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) for 2 years. Both compounds produced liver enlargement which was accompanied by the formation of liver nodules. Hepatic peroxisomal and microsomal fatty acid oxidising enzyme activities were induced in both large nodules and host tissue (i.e. tissue remaining after removal of large nodules) preparations from CA and DEHP treated rats. In contrast, little change in catalase activity was observed and the activities of cytosolic GSH peroxidase and GSH S-transferases were markedly reduced. Increased lipid peroxidation was observed by measurement of conjugated dienes in host tissue homogenates from CA and DEHP treated rats. Microsomal NADPH-dependent lipid peroxidation was also stimulated. Histological examination revealed extensive lipofuscin deposition in non-nodular, but not in nodular, tissue sections from treated rats. These results demonstrate that prolonged peroxisome proliferation can result in lipid peroxidation and that certain enzymes which metabolise hydrogen peroxide and organic hydroperoxides are either little affected or markedly inhibited.
__label__0, Fischer 344 male rats were subjected to 30-min individual or combined exposures of carbon monoxide (CO) and carbon dioxide (CO2). All deaths from CO occurred during the exposures, and the LC50 values were 4600 and 5000 ppm, depending on experimental conditions. Animals exposed to CO2 concentrations ranging from 1.3 to 14.7% for 30 min were neither incapacitated nor fatally injured. The addition of nonlethal concentrations of CO2 (1.7 to 17.3%) to sublethal concentrations of CO (2500 to 4000 ppm) caused deaths of the exposed rats both during and following (up to 24 h) the 30-min exposures. The most toxic combination of these two gases (2500 ppm CO plus 5% CO2) increased the rate of carboxyhemoglobin (COHb) formation 1.5 times that found in rats exposed to 2500 ppm of CO alone. The COHb equilibrium levels were the same. Exposure to both CO and CO2 produced a greater degree of acidosis and a longer recovery time than that observed with either single gas. The results fit a mathematical model indicating a synergistic interaction. Combustion of 11 materials at their LC50 values indicated that CO was probably the primary toxicant in one case and that the combined CO plus CO2 was the cause of the deaths in three other cases. Additional fire gases need to be studied to explain deaths from the other materials.
__label__0, Fire creates a complex toxic environment involving flame, heat, oxygen depletion, smoke, and toxic gases. The nature of that environment is dependent upon not only the materials present but on the fire event, that is, the fire scenario. Materials have different toxic gas profiles under different conditions; therefore, toxic fire gas generation is not intrinsic to any one material. Large fires in buildings constitute a severe toxic threat regardless of the materials being burned.
__label__0, Acquired dyschromatopsia has been associated with exposure to organic solvents. However, the chromal focus of the loss may be indicative of its gravity. According to Kollner's rule, blue-yellow loss reflects changes in external retinal layers, while red-green loss appears to be indicative of internal retinal or optic nerve damage. The objective of the present study was to examine chromatic discrimination capacity of 30 printshop workers exposed to organic solvent mixtures, and of a non-exposed reference group. Colour vision was assessed with a colour arrangement test designed to detect acquired dyschromatopsia, the Lanthony D-15 desaturated panel. Quantitative analysis, using Bowman's colour confusion index, revealed significantly higher scores indicative of colour vision loss among the exposed workers as compared to the non-exposed. Analysis of covariance, with age as co-variate, showed colour confusion index to be significantly associated with job category. Similarly, qualitative analysis showed that the exposed workers presented a significantly higher prevalence of acquired dyschromatopsia as compared to the non-exposed group. However, analysis of the type of chromatic discrimination loss showed that among the non-exposed persons, dyschromatopsia was localized only in the blue-yellow range, while for 35% of the dyschromatopic-exposed persons, red-green loss as well as blue-yellow loss were present. Three-dimensional gc2-analysis showed that the complex pattern of dyschromatopsia was not related to age, but on job category. These findings suggest that the type of dyschromatopsia, reflecting the gravity of neural alterations, may be a function of exposure level and/or the ophthalmotoxic properties of the particular solvents used.
__label__0, Rats exposed by inhalation to 3-trifluoromethylpyridine (3-FMP) for 10, 30 or 90 days showed an unusual response in the nasal passages. Focal histological change including reduction in the number of cell layers, disorganisation, vacuolation and minimal necrosis was confined to the olfactory epithelium. Axon bundles and the olfactory bulb were unaffected but there was loss of PAS staining affinity in Bowman's glands. The onset of the lesion showed a very steep dose-relationship approximating a quantal response; no effects were seen after 90 days exposure to 0.1 ppm but the changes were fully developed after 30 days exposure to 0.5 ppm. There was no marked progression with either increased exposure concentrations (up to 329 ppm) or with increased duration of exposure (10–90 days). The respiratory epithelium was generally unaffected apart from a mild irritant response seen only after 90 days.
__label__0, Toluene (4.7–150 μmol per ml) was added for 30 or 60 min to astroglial and neuronal primary cell cultures from rat striatum and changes in cell morphology were analyzed by light microscopy. After 60 min incubation in 40 μmol toluene/ml, the cell bodies of the astrocytes appeared contracted, and their processes and nuclei were clearly visible. At higher doses of toluene the astrocytes seemed to be flattened and major cell damage was visualized by the uptake of vital dyes. The neurons, however, became affected and judged by morphological criteria only at the higher toluene doses.
__label__0, Rats were treated with subcutaneous injections of either saline or 1, 3, or 5 units of bleomycin (BLM) each day for 5 days (5, 15, or 25 units total dose). One half of each group of animals was exposed to 80% oxygen for 4 days during BLM dosings. Rats treated with both 25 units BLM and hyperoxia died after being returned to room air. All remaining rats were sacrificed 6 weeks following the end of treatment. Of the BLM rats in room air, only the lungs of the 15-unit group exhibited histological change, a mild diffuse interstitial disease. Both lower dose groups demonstrated slight increases in hydroxy - proline (OHP) content, a marker of collagen deposition or lung injury. The lungs of BLM rats exposed to hyperoxia demonstrated greater increases in total lung OHP levels. The lungs of the 15-unit group demonstrated lesions consistent with diffuse interstitial pulmonary fibrosis. Short-term, sublethal hyperoxia clearly potentiated injury in the rat following subcutaneous BLM treatment as assessed by either lethality or markers of pulmonary pathology.
__label__0, Acute (LD50) and short-term (14 days) toxicological examinations were performed in animal experiments on the interaction of a synthetic pyrethroid Decis 2,5 EC (25 g deltamethrin/l) and of ethylene-bisdithiocarbamate/Dithane M-45 (80% mancozeb), using a 1:5 deltamethrin/mancozeb mixture. LD50 value of the mixture was similar to that of the more toxic Decis. In the short-term examination, some pathologically high AST and ALT values were observed in the treated groups and the deltamethrin content of fatty tissue samples increased parallel with the increase of Decis consumption. The chymotrypsin and lipase activities in the small intestinal mucosa and γ-GT and LAP activities in the content of the bowels were reduced in several treated groups. The administration of Dithane in a dose in accordance with 20% of the LD50 value (3125 mg/kg b.m.) proved to be moer toxic than expected and caused the death of the animals.
__label__0, Human skin fibroblast (HF) cells were approximately 10-fold more sensitive to sodium arsenite toxicity than Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using the clonogenic assay. G1-phase CHO cells showed a 2-fold increase in the susceptibility to the toxic effects of sodium arsenite as compared to asynchronous CHO cells. The concentrations of sodium arsenite required to kill 50% of the cell population were correlated with the intracellular glutathione levels in asynchronous, G1-phase CHO, and asynchronous HF cells. Moreover, verapamil potentiated the cytotoxicity of sodium arsenite in CHO cells but not in HF cells. These results indicated that a verapamil-sensitive outward channel may be involved in detoxification of arsenic in CHO cells. Treatment with sodium arsenite resulted in a marked cell-cycle disturbance in CHO, but not in HF cells. Thus, CHO cells may take time to recover from sodium arsenite insult before progressing through the cell cycle. A different response of sodium arsenite in heat-shock protein synthesis in these 2 cell types was also revealed.
__label__0, The synthetic oestrogen hexoestrol, administered at 60 mg/kg/day for 4 days to female rats in 3 studies, caused the following mean changes in the relative weights of some of the principal organs: liver (+37%), spleen (−11%), adrenals (+43%), kidneys (+3%), pituitary (+23%), uterus (+49%), and ovaries (+13%). The heart weights showed no consistent changes. The mean relative organ weights of hypophysectomized, hexoestrol-treated rats did not differ significantly from those of untreated hypophysectomized controls. The latter animals had lower organ weights than sham-operated controls. Pretreatment with clomiphene citrate at dose levels of 20–60 mg/kg/day prevented in a dose-dependent manner most of the organ weight changes induced by hexoestrol. The exception was the adrenal weight, which was increased. Compared with controls, the mean relative organ weights of rats receiving clomiphene alone at 60 mg/kg/day differed as follows: liver (−18%), spleen (−17%), heart (−16%), adrenals (+7%), kidneys (−11%), pituitary (−13%), uterus (−25%), and ovaries (−4%). The changes affecting the liver, spleen, heart, kidneys and uterus were significant. Rats immunised with a monkey antiserum to rat growth hormone and treated with hexoestrol had significantly lower relative liver weights than did animals treated with hexoestrol alone. No other significant differences were observed. It is tentatively concluded that there is a mediating or co-operative pituitary influence involved in the significant hepatic, uterine and adrenal weight gains caused by hexoestrol. Clomiphene may act centrally to affect these organ weight changes and, indeed, may act at this level to (mainly) anti-organotrophic effect even in the absence of exogenous oestrogen. In the case of the hexoestrol-induced liver enlargement, the role of pituitary growth hormone is worth further investigation.
__label__0, Eighteen chelating or reducing agents were tested to determine their relative efficacy as antagonists in acute intramuscular vanadyl sulphate intoxication in mice. The chelating or reducing agents were administered intraperitoneally to male Swiss mice at doses equal to one-fourth of their respective LD50. Therapeutic effectiveness (TEF) was calculated. In a subsequent experiment, the effect of EDTA, glutathione, DFOA, ascorbic acid, succinic acid, monosodium phosphate, Tiron, DTPA, and 2-mercaptosuccinic acid on the excretion, and distribution of vanadium was determined. Of the compounds examined, Tiron followed by ascorbic acid, and 2-mercaptosuccinic acid were effective in increasing the urinary excretion of vanadium. Tiron, and 2-mercaptosuccinic acid were also effective in reducing the concentration of vanadium found in kidney, the main target organ of vanadium accumulation. Tiron appears to be the most effective agent of those tested in the prevention of acute vanadium (IV) intoxication in mice.
__label__0, Subchronic feeding of 2-amino-4,5-diphenylthiazole (DPT) to rats results in the development of renal cysts and has been used as a model system to study polycystic kidney disease. Because previous studies revealed changes in renal enzymes following DPT administration, a possible direct effect of DPT and its phenolic metabolites on catalase and a related enzyme, epoxide hydrolase, was examined. Experiments with three in vitro systems (suspensions of rabbit renal tubules, rat kidney homogenates, and commercially obtained bovine liver catalase) revealed direct inhibition of catalase activity by the diphenolic metabolite (diOH- DPT: 2-amino-4,5di(4′-hydroxyphenyl)-thiazole), the known renal cystogen nordihydroquaiaretic acid (NDGA) 2-amino-4(4′- hydroxyphenyl),5-phenyl-thiazole (4OH-DPT), and the known catalase inhibitor 3-amino-1,2,4-triazole; DPT did not inhibit catalase activity. Following oral administration to rats of the DPT congeners, 4OH-DPT caused the greatest decrease in both renal catalase and cytosolic epoxide hydrolase activityes and the shortest time to onset of cystic lesions. In vitro, mouse liver cytosolic epoxide hydrolase activity was substantially inhibited by 4OH-DPT and dioH-DPT, and NDGA, but not by 2-amino-4-phenyl,5- (4′-hydroxyphenyl)-thiazole (5OH-DPT) or DPT itself. Microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH) activity was inhibited by 4OH-DPT, unaffected by DPT or dioH-DPT, and stimulated 2-fold by 5OH-DPT. Finally, mEH activity was substantially higher in samples of normal human kidney than in samples of kidney derived from a patient with autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease; no differences were observed in cEH activity in these samples. Although the role of altered catalase and epoxide hydrolase activities in cystogenesis is unknown, DPT-induced cyst formation is associated with loss of these enzyme activities in kidney tissue. To our knowledge, this is the first report of an in vivo diminution of cytosolic epoxide hydrolase activity by xenobiotics.
__label__0, The following six monoalkyl esters of meso-2,3-dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA) were synthesized and evaluated for relative activities in mobilizing lead from kidneys and brains of lead-bearing mice: n-propyl (Mn-PDMS), i-propyl (Mi-PDMS), n-butyl (Mi-BDMS), n-amyl (Mn-ADMS) and i-amyl meso-2,3-dimercaptosuccinate (Mi-ADMS). DMSA was used as a positive control. When each was administered intraperitoneally (i.p.) as a single dose of 2.0 mmol/kg, DMSA lowered the kidney lead concentration 52%, while the monoesters effected reductions of 54–75%. Mn-ADMS was toxic at this dose. DMSA lowered the brain lead level 20% when given as a single dose, while the monoesters conferred reductions of 64–87%. When given as 5 daily i.p. injections at 0.5 mmol/kg, DMSA reduced the kidney lead concentration 45%, while the monoesters caused reductions of 56–73%. DMSA lowered the brain lead concentration 35% on the 5-day treatment regimen, while the monoesters evoked reductions of 59–75%. Mi-ADMS was equally effective when given orally or i.p. The i.p. LD50 value of this analog in mice is 3.0 mmol/kg, a value which lies between the reported LD50 doses of DMSA (16.0 mmol/kg) and dimercaprol (1.1 mmol/kg). It is suggested that the ability of these monoesters to cross cell membranes may account for their superiority to DMSA in mobilizing brain lead in this animal model.
__label__0, In the present study we examined the effects of zinc pretreatment (to induce the renal synthesis of metallothionein) on the renal accumulation and intrarenal distribution of inorganic mercury in uninephrectomized (NPX) and sham-operated (SO) rats 24 h after the animals were given a 0.75, 1.0 or 1.5 μmol/kg intravenous (i.v.) dose of inorganic mercury. We also examined the effects of zinc pretreatment on the nephropathy induced by the three doses of inorganic mercury. Zinc was administered at a dose of 306 μmol/kg (20 mg/kg) subcutaneously (s.c.) in the form of zinc sulfate once daily for 2 consecutive days prior to the administration of inorganic mercury. Following zinc pretreatment, the renal accumulation of injected inorganic mercury increased in both NPX and SO rats treated with the three doses of inorganic mercury, but the increase was significantly greater in the NPX rats. The enhanced accumulation of mercury was associated with an altered pattern in the intrarenal distribution of mercury, particularly in the NPX rats. The increased renal accumulation of mercury in both the NPX and SO rats was due primarily to its increase in the renal cortex. We have recently found that the synthesis of metallothionein in the renal cortex increases in NPX and SO rats given zinc. Therefore, it appears that there is a relationship between the content of preinduced cellular metallothioein in the cortex and the content of mercury that accumulates in the cortex. Zinc pretreatment also prevented the nephropathy induced by the three doses of inorganic mercury from occurring in both the NPX and SO rats. We propose that some of the protection may be related to the altered intrarenal accumulation and distribution of mercury that occurs after pretreatment with zinc. Hepatic accumulation of mercury also increased in both groups of rats, but increase again was significantly greater in the NPX rats. Our findings show clearly that a significant reduction in renal mass alters the hepatic and renal accumulation of mercury when zinc pretreatment is used to induce the renal and hepatic synthesis of metallothinein. In addition, our findings show that zinc pretreatment protects both normal and remnant kidneys in rats from the nephrotoxic effects of inorganic mercury.
__label__0, The effects of allopurinol (HPP) at concentrations ranging from 0.33–1.83 mM and of aspirin (ASA) from 0.28–2.22 mM, were studied on the rat whole-embryo culture system. Embryos were explanted at day 10 of gestation and cultured for 48 h, either in the absence or in the presence of rat and human S9. HPP proved to be potentially embryolethal and teratogenic without any S9, while it was embryolethal with rat S9 and dysmorphogenic with human S9. ASA showed an embryolethal and teratogenic potency without any S9 samples. These responses were increased in the presence of rat S9, while ASA embryolethality was predominant with human S9. These results obtained on rat embryos in culture suggest a correlation between the species origin of the biotransforming system and the known teratogenicity of HPP in sensitive animal models. However, ASA elicited responses not in agreement with the known teratogenic response in rodents.
__label__0, We have previously shown that the rate of hepatic gluconeogenesis is reduced in TCDD-treated rats and that this decrease in carbohydrate production is associated with a dose-dependent reduction of the activity of PEPCK, the rate limiting enzyme of gluconeogenesis. This derailment of glucose metabolism has been suggested to be the critical lesion in acute TCDD toxicity. To further elucidate the mechanism of decreased PEPCK activity we performed Northern blot analyses using a cDNA probe complementary to a portion of the mRNA coding for PEPCK. We have demonstrated that 4 and 8 days after TCDD treatment (125 μg/kg, p.o.) liver PEPCK mRNA in Sprague-Dawley rats was decreased to very low levels as compared to vehicle-treated and pair-fed control animals. This decline of PEPCK mRNA was paralleled by decreased levels of PEPCK protein, as revealed by Western blot analyses and was accompanied by a reduction in the enzymatic activity of PEPCK. These results indicate thatthe decrease of PEPCK activity by TCDD is most likely the result of decreased expression of the PEPCK gene. These together with previous results also suggest that many of the physiological responses occurring in TCDD-treated animals (reduced feed intake, decreased insulin, increased corticosterone, increased glucagon and cAMP levels) which would normally stimulate PEPCK gene expression, are ineffective. Furthermore tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase (TdO) activity, which is regulated in a very similar fashion to PEPCK activity, is also reduced after TCDD treatment, suggesting a common mechanism by which TCDD alters the regulation of these enzymes. P-450 1A1 mRNA and related EROD activity were maximally induced under the conditions of these experiments and represent a positive control for TCDD-related alterations of gene expression. However, because of differences in the dose-response characteristics of TCDD-induced reduction of PEPCK activity and induction of EROD activity an involvement of the Ah receptor in the reduction of PEPCK activity cannot be postulated.
__label__0, Defensins are antimicrobial and cytotoxic peptides that contain 29–35 amino acid residues, including 6 invariant cysteines that form 3 intramolecular disulfide bonds. They constitute more than 5% of the total cellular protein of human and rabbit neutrophils (PMN), and are also produced by rabbit lung macrophages and by murine and human small intestinal Paneth cells. Defensins exerted antimicrobial effects in vitro against many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, fungi, mycobacteria and some enveloped viruses, and were cytotoxic to a wide range of normal and malignant targets, including cells resistant to TNF-α and NK-cytolytic factor. Human and rabbit defensins formed voltage-sensitive channels in a variety of planar lipid bilayers when a negative voltage of ∼70–90 mV was applied to the contralateral side. These channels showed modest anion selectivity and their formation was strongly influenced by defensin concentration. Although most other channel-forming peptides have prominent α-helical domains, the structure of defensin molecules is primarily composed of antiparallel β-sheets. Studies with various prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells provided convincing evidence that defensins killed these targets by forming voltage-regulated channels in the susceptible cell's membrane. The broad spectrum of defensin-susceptible targets and the abundance of defensins in specialized host defense cells of the blood, lungs and intestinal tract suggest that defensins could play a significant role in innate immunity to infection and neoplasia.
__label__0, The mouse ear swelling test (MEST) was developed in the early 1980s to provide a lower cost, shorter and objectively graded alternative to the existing guinea pig based test for delayed contact hypersensitivity. In the ensuing time, the test design has been modified and it use has been extensded to additional applications (phototoxicity and photosensitisation screening and as a mechanistic tool in studying tumor promoting agents) and to evaluating a broader range of test materials (treated fabrics, medical devices, environmental pollutants, specially chemicals, drugs, etc.) in the hands of new investigators. Likewise, other murine based tests have been developed. The MEST and one other murine test (the local lymph node assay, or LLNA) have also now been included in the lists of regulatorily accepted sensitation tests systems. The current version of the MEST protocol is presented here, along with the rationale for changes, a review of evaluations and interlaboratory trials and an overview of the range of uses to which it has been applied.
__label__0, Guinea-pig assays have been used extensively to detect contact sensitizers. In contrast, almost no reliable assays are available to detect the potential for low-molecular-weight drugs and chemicals to induce systemic allergic reactions in humans. Based on clinical data, and, to some extent, on recent immunological findings, it is proposed that guinea-pig assays can predict the hazard fro systemic allergic reactions in man. Seventy drugs and chemicals were compared from published results in guinea-pig assays and in the clinic. A close correlation was found with 43 substances and a relatively good one with 16 substances. Conflicting results were found with 11 substances only. However, substances known to induce systemic allergic reactions in man were all detected as weak sensitizers, at least in guinea-pigs. Guinea-pig contact sensitization assays may therefore prove useful until more suitable and specific assays are available to predict the risk for systemic allergic reactions.
__label__0, The knowledge of the toxicokinetics of chemicals is an important prerequesite of biological monitoring of exposure. Kinetic data allow to determine whether the test is likely to reflect the recent exposure or to integrate the exposure over a certain period of time. They are necessary to select the appropriate parameter, biological specimen and sampling time by taking into account the type of exposure and the sensitivity of the analytical method. Various mathematical models have been developed to provide a global and quantitative description of the behavior of the chemical in the organism. In practice, however, the parameter to which one usually refers is the elimination half-life of the biomarker which reflects both the affinity of the chemical for the biological matrix and the efficiency of excretory or metabolic processes. Since chemically-induced diseases usually develop following repeated exposures over many years, markers which are the most useful for population studies are those integrating the dose received by the organism or by the target organ(s) over a toxicologically relevant period of time exposure. For a reliable application of biological monitoring in population studies, information must be collected on the stability of the biomarker and the precautions to be taken during transportation and storage of samples. The factors most likely to affect the stability of the parameter are evaporation, chemical deterioration, precipitation, adsorption on vessel surfaces and contamination. This paper formulates a series of practical recommendations to prevent or minimize variations in the pre-analytical phase which might be caused by these factors.
__label__0, The toxic effects of cadmium (Cd) and mercury (Hg), as chloride salts, were studied using an hepatic human fetal cell line (WRL-68 cells). From viability curves and the proliferative capacity of the cell in the presence of the metal, three different cell treatments were chosen, (1) 0.5 μM of the metal chloride for 24 h (acute low dose treatment), (2) 0.5 μM of the metal chloride for 7 days (chronic treatment), and (3) 5 μM of the metal chloride for 24 h (acute high dose treatment). WRL-68 cells grown in the presence of Cd exhibited the same proliferative curve as control cells, whereas in the case of Hg, the cells increased their proliferative capacity. Both metals produced ultrastructural alterations in different degrees, mainly observed as mitochondrial and RER structural changes, depending of the treatment and concentration of the metal used. Cytotoxicity was assessed by measuring the release of lactate dehydrogenase from the cells. Acutely high dose-treated cells showed the highest value for this parameter, and Cd-treated cells presented higher lactate dehydrogenase release than the Hg-treated ones. Cell damage was also measured by alanine aminotransferase (ALAT) and aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT) activities. Acute high dose Cd treatment caused the highest value of enzymatic release. Lipid peroxidation was significantly different with respect to control cells in chronic and acute high dose treatments with both metals. Metallothionein (MT) induction in response to Hg treatment was not detected. However, a dramatic induction of this protein occurred in Cd-treated cells. WRL-68 cells differentially respond to Cd and Hg making this hepatic fetal human cell line a useful tool in investigating the mechanism of toxicity of these heavy metals.
__label__0, Orthoclone OKT3 is a very powerful immunosuppressive drug marketed by Laboratory Cilag and the first monoclonal murine antibody to become available for therapy in humans. It is indicated in acute allograft rejection treatment and its side-effects are strongly linked with its mechanism of action. ORT/OKT3 is an Ig2a immunoglobulin produced by hybridoma technique that recognizes, binds and blocks the CD3 complex of the T-cell receptor. Two types of side-effects may occur that are either the consequences of overimmunosuppression or activation of immune system, since ORT/OKT3 behaves as a foreign antigen. This report is a bibliographic review of the suspected side-effects of this product.
__label__0, The involvement of altered pyridine nucleotide concentrations in the cytolethality of allyl alcohol was studied in isolated rat hepatocytes. NAD+, NADH, NADP+, NADPH and viability loss (leakage of lactate dehydrogenase into the medium) were measured in cells incubated with 0.5 mM allyl alcohol with or without the addition of 2 mM dithiothreitol at 30 min. Exposure to allyl alcohol increased NADH levels in the first 15 min of incubation. A sharp drop in NADH and NADPH with an accumulation of NADP+ occurred between 30 and 60 min of incubation with allyl alcohol, indicating an oxidation and interconversion of pyridine nucleotides. Dithiothreitol prevented the oxidation of pyridine nucleotides, but not their reduction or interconversion, and protected against cell killing by allyl alcohol. The results suggest that pyridine nucleotide oxidation might be important for allyl alcohol-induced cytotoxicity; however, a causal relationship between pyridine nucleotide oxidation and cell killing is yet to be demonstrated.
__label__0, The human keratinocyte cell line, RHEK-1, was used to evaluate the cytotoxicity of benzoyl peroxide (BZP). As determined with the neutral red (NR) cytotoxicity assay, the 24-h midpoint (NR50) toxicity values, in mM, were 0.11 for BZP and 29.5 for benzoic acid, the stable metabolite of BZP. Irreversible cytotoxicity occurred after a 1-h exposure to 0.15 mM BZP and greater. When exposed to BZP for 7 days, a lag in growth kinetics was first observed at 0.06 mM BZP. Damage to the integrity of the plasma membrane was evident, as leakage of lactic acid dehydrogenase occurred during a 4-h exposure to BZP at 0.05 mM and greater. Intracellular membranes were also affected, as extensive vacuolization, initially perinuclear but then spreading throughout the cytoplasm, was noted in BZP-stressed cells. The generation of reactive free radicals from BZP was suggested by the following: the intracellular content of glutathione was lowered in cells exposed to BZP; cells pretreated with the glutathione-depleting agent, chlorodinitrobenzene, were hypersensitive to a subsequent challenge with BZP; lipid peroxidation by BZP was inducible in the presence of Fe2+; and cells previously maintained in a medium amended with vitamin E, an antioxidant, were more resistant to BZP, showed less lipid peroxidation in the presence of BZP + Fe2+ and did not develop the extensive intracellular vacuolization as compared to non-vitamin E maintained cells.
__label__0, This study examined the effects of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD) and related compounds on the uptake of intracellular calcium ([Ca2 +]i) in primary cultures of rat hippocampal neuronal cells. [Ca2 +]i levels were detected and quantified by interactive laser cytometry with microscopic image analysis. Cells were noninvasively labeled with fluo-3/AM and all experiments were conducted on cultured rat hippocampal neurons 14 days in culture. Treatment of cell cultures with 2,3,7,8-TCDD (10–100 nM) resulted in a rapid concentration-dependent increase in [Ca2 +]i associated with a decrease in mitochondrial membrane potential and activation of α-protein kinase C (α-PKC). In contrast, 1,2,3,4-TCDD, a weak Ah receptor agonist, had no effect on [Ca2 +]i at concentrations as high as 10 μM and similar results were also observed for 2,2′,5,5′-tetrachlorobiphenyl. Maximal [Ca2 +]i was observed within 30 s after addition of 2,3,7,8-TCDD and remained elevated (at higher concentrations) above resting levels for the duration of the experiment. This rapid increase in [Ca2 +]i was blocked by addition of EDTA (2 mM) to the external medium or by pretreatment of the cells with the calcium channel antagonist nifedipine (10 μM). However, pretreatment of the cells with 100 μM cycloheximide failed to block calcium uptake in neuronal cells. These data indicate that rat hippocampal neuronal cells are responsive to 2,3,7,8-TCDD; however, the mechanism is not associated with altered gene transcription and may involve cellular membrane targets.
__label__0, It is unusual to find variability issues as the central focus of a scientific conference. The discussion below first suggests why variability has often been an “annoying detail” in both basic animal toxicology and the human testing of new drugs. Then it gives some reasons why improved quantitative variability information is likely to be important. Better definition of the sources and magnitude of variability in susceptibility in the human population is a central issue for, (1) making more quantitative estimates of both cancer and non-cancer risks from occupational and environmental exposures, and (2) designing protocols for the use of drugs that maximize benefits for the risks incurred in a diverse patient population. Finally, it offers some suggestions about how better variability information is to be obtained and/or extracted from existing information.
__label__0, The aim of the present study is to investigate the influence of the environmental factors, smoking and alcohol, on the biotransformation of cyclophosphamide (CP) in the rat in vivo and in vitro with S9 liver fractions. The biotransformation of CP was studied by the determination of the CP metabolites, nor-nitrogen mustard (NNM), 4-ketocyclophosphamide (KCP) and carboxyphosphamide (CAR). The effect of the environmental factors, smoking and alcohol consumption, on the biotransformation enzymes was mimicked by pretreatment of rats with β-naphthoflavone and ethanol, respectively. Rats treated with olive oil and water served as controls and rats pretreated with Aroclor 1254 and phenobarbital were used as positive controls. The influence of sex and supplementation with NAD and GSH, mimicking a biological variation in NAD and GSH levels in rat and human liver, was also studied. Pretreatment of rats with Aroclor 1254 decreased the excretion of unmetabolized CP in urine, most likely due to an enhanced biotransformation. The in vitro hepatic biotransformation of CP in rats was strongly influenced by sex, by supplementation with NAD and GSH and by pretreatment with the enzyme-inducers, phenobarbital and Aroclor 1254. No influence of pretreatment with the enzyme-inducers, β-naphthoflavone and ethanol, was found. The results suggest that the influence of the environmental factors, alcohol consumption and smoking, on the biotransformation of CP in man will be negligible.
__label__0, Hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyl transferase (hprt) mutation frequency (Mf) was studied in workers at a polybutadiene rubber production facility in Yanshan, China. Exposed workers included for study were active either as process analysts, who sampled butadiene production process lines and analyzed product by gas chromatography, or as process operators, who did routine process control, minor maintenance and, as needed, major repair operations. For process analysts at the polymer and dimethyl formamide (DMF) facilities, the median air levels of BD were 1.0 and 3.5 ppm, respectively. Among process operators, air levels of 1.1 ppm were found during routine activities, while the median air level during pump repair and related operations was 45 ppm (6-h time-weighted average). Overall, Mf was similar in unexposed (mean Mf = 20.2 × 10−6) and butadiene-exposed (mean Mf = 21.6 × 10−6) workers (P = 0.68). Mf decreased with cloning efficiency, increased with age, and was moderately greater in women than in men. After adjustment by multiple regression analysis for mean age, sex, and cloning efficiency, the adjusted mean Mf (Xadj) was 13.6 × 10−6 in unexposed and 18.0 × 10−6 in butadiene-exposed. This 32% difference was, however, not statistically significant (P = 0.13). Butadiene exposure was associated with a modest, if any, increase in hprt Mf in this population of Chinese workers.
__label__0, This is a further update of a cohort mortality study of 2795 male workers employed at least 6 months between 1942 and 1994 at a 1,3-butadiene facility. Earlier reports on this cohort found a statistically significant deficit for all causes of death and lower than expected mortality for most leading causes of death. Prior reports noted an excess of deaths from lymphosarcoma primarily in those employed less than 10 years, first employed before 1946, and employed in jobs with the potential for daily exposure to butadiene (BD). There was a nonsignificant elevation for leukemia in persons potentially exposed to BD on an intermittent basis. The purpose of this update was to examine the patterns of mortality with four additional years of follow-up. Persons who had become eligible since the cohort was last updated through 1990 were also added. A total of 1222 deaths were identified, and death certificates were obtained for all but 20 of the deaths (1.6%). The standardized mortality ratio (SMR) for all causes of death is 88 (95% confidence interval (CI) = 83–93), and for all cancer, the SMR is 92 (95% CI = 82–104). There were 42 deaths from lymphohematopoietic cancers (LHC) with 28.6 expected (SMR = 147, 95% CI = 106–198), 9 observed vs. 4.7 expected deaths for lymphosarcoma (SMR = 191, 95% CI = 87–364), 13 observed vs. 11.5 expected deaths for leukemia (SMR = 113, 95% CI = 60–193), and 15 observed vs. 9.9 expected deaths from cancer of other lymphatic tissue (SMR = 152, 95% CI = 85–250). Subcohort analyses showed that the elevated risk of all LHC and its subcategories was restricted to persons who were first employed before 1950. As an adjunct to the SMR analyses, modeling was done using a qualitative cumulative exposure score as a time-dependent explanatory variable for, (1) all LHC (ICD 200–209); (2) lymphosarcoma (ICD 200); (3) lymphosarcoma and other lymphoma (ICD 200, 202); (4) multiple myeloma (ICD 203); and (5) leukemia (ICD 204–207). The cumulative exposure score was not significantly associated with any of these cancers. Cancer risk was found to increase with age for all of the LHC groups analyzed, except for lymphosarcoma. Similarly, cancer risk was found to increase with age-at-hire for all of the LHC groups except for multiple myeloma.
__label__0, Available data suggest that: (1) the greater uptake of isoprene in mice relative to rats may not contribute to differences in sensitivity because the blood levels of total metabolites are similar in the two species; (2) in rats, saturation of blood levels of isoprene monoxide and the hydrocarbon could not be demonstrated at inhaled isoprene concentrations up to 8200 ppm, but saturation of blood levels of diols/diepoxide and of non-volatile metabolites occurred at ~ 1480 ppm (similar data are not reported for mice); (3) reaction of reactive isoprene metabolites with blood components in mice and rats is similar to reaction of butadiene metabolites in rats and much greater than that of butadiene metabolites in mice. This may contribute to the greater sensitivity of mice to butadiene carcinogenicity relative to isoprene carcinogenicity; (4) reported data do not conclusively show that differences in tissue concentrations of isoprene metabolites contribute to the differences in the relative potencies of isoprene and butadiene in mice or to the greater carcinogenic potency of isoprene in mice relative to that in rats.
__label__0, 5-Aza-2′-deoxycytidine (d-AZA) replaces cytidine in DNA thereby altering gene expression by passively removing methyl groups. This study determined the temporal patterns of morphological defects induced by d-AZA in mice. The dosages (0, 0.3, or 1.0 mg/kg) were administered by a single i.p. injection on gestational days (GD) 8, 9, 10, or 11. Mice were killed on GD 17 and fetal skeletons examined. The 1.0 mg/kg dose elicited characteristic defects for each treatment day: GD 8, supernumerary ribs, (significantly above background), fused vertebrae and ribs; GD 9, cleft palate and vertebral variations; GD 10, hind limb defects (especially phocomelia); GD 11, digital defects of fore and hindlimbs. The known demethylating ability of d-AZA coupled with the induction of longbone defects only in the hindlimbs suggests that d-AZA may act by disrupting specific hindlimb gene function through DNA hypomethylation.
__label__0, Two new types of electrolytes are found to support the growth of insulating anodic films on Mo in addition to the two electrolytes so far reported. These are glycerol solutions of various inorganic salts and phosphate esters or orthophosphoric acid. The influence of electrolyte composition and concentration on anodization under standard conditions was studied. The phosphate esters with large molecular weight were found to possess the best anodizing ability.
__label__0, The histological examination of abrasions is of value in determining their age and the age of associated underlying subcutaneous bruises, provided multiple sections are examined and special stains (commonly used in routine histological laboratories) are employed.
__label__0, In a physical investigation of the gastrocnemius muscles of rats killed and kept at about 20°C, rigor mortis was complete at 5–6 hours post mortem.
__label__0, The problem of post-traumatic neck pain in the absence of obvious skeletal or neurological damage is discussed. Conservative treatment (bed-rest, traction, sedatives and analgesics) plus adequate rehabilitation results in marked improvement in most cases where operation is not clearly indicated. Operative treatment is reserved for a small minority of cases, and it is stressed that, although fusion may in some cases produce dramatic relief, it should be limited to those cases where the precise location of the injury can be established. The value of discography as a diagnostic technique in such cases is still in question.
__label__0, The rates of decrease in measurable cyanide concentration in various tissues have been experimentally investigated in rabbits killed with potassium cyanide. The study compared the rates of transformation of cyanide in tissues stored for up to 3 weeks following their removal shortly after death, with the rate of decrease of measurable cyanide in similar tissues which were removed from animals at various times after death. The results stress the necessity for early sampling, and prompt analysis, of tissues from suspected cases of acute cyanide poisoning. The importance of analyzing samples of whole blood is stressed, and the practical relevance of the experimental findings to the diagnosis of acute cyanide poisoning in man is discussed.
__label__0, Deaths in two females aged 49 years and 29 years are reported following the self-administration of an overdose of clomipramine hydrochloride (Anafranil). Analytical methods for the identification and assay, on suitable extracts from body fluids or tissues, for clomipramine are included.
__label__0, A report of two autopsies which is thought to be the first case of its kind in Japan is presented here. The cause of death was concluded to be oxygen deficiency from the filling of a compartment by Freon gas escaping from a cylinder. However, the authors suspect that Freon per se is not a non-toxic substance as had been believed but has some toxicity because of the existence of fat droplets in hepatocytes of mice exposed to Freon gas and because of the behavioral findings on them during experiments.
__label__0, A model is proposed that unifies the treatment of several important models for dispersion in flowing media, in that these models are all special cases of the new model. Transfer functions and moments are presented for the general model, together with analytical solutions for the impulse response that apply in most cases. The model is of great flexibility, containing as it does many established models as subcases.
__label__0, The van der Waals model of a dense fluid is represented by a simple partition function. It is shown that this function, coupled with a choice of plausible ad hoc assumptions, leads to any one of several well-known equations of state including the empirically successful equation of Redlich and Kwong.
__label__0, In practice it is often convenient or necessary to represent the kinetics of reactions in a complex mixture in terms of lumped components. These hypothetical species may themselves be mixtures of a large number of chemical constituents. In this analysis it is shown that lumped kinetic models may be valid for reaction mixtures containing a continuum of components. Classes of reversible and irreversible reactions are considered. Special attention is given to lumping of continuous monomolecular reaction systems.
__label__0, Numerical solutions of the Navier-Stokes equations have been used to extend both the Happel free surface and the Kuwabara zero vorticity cell models to creeping flow past swarms of spheroids and banks of elliptical cylinders. Large positive deviations of the Kozeny constant from its commonly assumed value of 5 for packed beds have been found at high volumetric particle concentrations (0.3) and low aspect ratios (< 1/3) for both axisymmetric flow past oblate spheroids and flow past elliptical cylinders with their major axes normal to the main flow direction. These results are consistent with the meagre available experimental data on the permeability of flattened fibres.
__label__0, It has been shown, firstly, that an externally applied magnetic field decreases the rate of the ethylene hydrogenation reaction over nickel, cobalt and
__label__0, The influence of the consecutive reversible chemical reactions A + B ⇌ E ⇌ P on the rate of liquid phase mass transfer is considered in t
__label__0, The rates of absorption of pure chlorine into aqueous sodium hydroxide solutions of various concentrations were measured at 30° C using a liquid-jet
__label__0, An attempt has been made to form a qualitative correlation between the nozzle shape and issuing jet shapé. The following points can be made: 1. (i) The major requirement of a nozzle is the efficient conversion of potential energy to kinetic energy. This is best achieved by a sudden, smooth contraction of the flow area from the supply line to the desired nozzle diameter. 2. (ii) The question of the angle of convergence appears uncertain. There would seem to be an optimum somewhere between 15° and 100°. It is possible that this optimum value might be a function of system dynamics and fluid properties. 3. (iii) The nozzle aspect ratio L/d has a highly significant effect on the initial jet velocity profile and subsequent jet surface shape up to L/d values where the shear stress and static pressure gradient are fully developed. In fact, the variability of L/d offers a means of control of the jet surface roughness over a considerable range. 4. (iv) There is some evidence favouring the rounding and polishing of the nozzle internal surfaces in order to achieve maximum performance. 5. (v) The theoretical hydrodynamic approach, involving numerical methods, should provide reasonable plug flow nozzles for systems where the liquid viscosity is low, viz. “water-like”.
__label__0, Le mélangeage dans un bassin d'aération au cours de l'épuration par boue activée a été relativement peu étudié. On admet généralement un régime piston ou d'agitation parfaite.
__label__0, The heat transfer rate between the wall of a heated tube and a fluidized bed in a sublimation process was measured. The fluidized bed consisted of inert particles of corundum ceramic with mass equivalent diameters of 0.42, 0.57 and 0.70 mm and particles of ammonium terephthalate. Thermal decomposition of ammonium terephthalate and simultaneous sublimation of released terephthalic acid at 340°C took place. Heat transfer coefficients were evaluated as functions of the superficial fluid velocity, the height of the bed, the size of the inert particles and the feed rate of the sublimed matter. The experimental data could be represented by a simple relation between the Nusselt and Reynolds numbers.
__label__0, Suspensions and pastes of bentonite in water and titanium dioxide in linseed oil were used to examine various concepts and models for characterising thixotropic materials. The various problems involved in the evaluation of viscometric data were then identified and analysed.
__label__0, Acetic acid was extracted from carbon tetrachloride, tetrachloroethylene, benzene, methyl isobutyl ketone and 1,1,1-trichloroethane droplets forming at
__label__0, In this work, particle temperature was measured in a gas—solid fluidized bed. We used a pyrometer consisting of a 6 in sapphire rod, 1 8 in in diameter, and two 2000 Ω thermistors. The sapphire rod transmits radiation from the heated particles and a thermistor is used to detect this radiation. The second thermistor measures the temperature of the enclosure. The pyrometer was calibrated using a packed bed heated to different temperatures. Experiments were carried out in a fluidized bed under heating, cooling and steady state conditions to illustrate the use of this pyrometer. We observed that the temperature of the particles in a fluidized bed is substantially different from the temperature of the bed as measured by an immersed thermometer.
__label__0, This paper summarises the data important in the engineering design of film equipment, viz. pressure drop, mean film thickness and entrainment. Runs were carried out in a straight vertical Perspex tube of diameter 25 mm and length about 2 m with a water—air system at room temperature. The properties of the system were measured at gas velocities below 50 m/s and liquid flow rates up to 265 cm3/s.
__label__0, The kinetics of oxidation of ethylene to acetaldehyde (Wacker process) on a heterogenized catalyst was studied in a differential reactor with internal circulation. The experimental results show an abnormally steep dependence of the reaction rate on humidity and a negative apparent activation energy. As an explanation of these peculiar data, it is suggested that the reaction takes place in a liquid phase condensed inside the capillaries. This conjecture is confirmed by the parallel increase of the reaction rate and pore filling with humidity.
__label__0, A surface renewal model is proposed for the analysis of free or fixed interfacial transport phenomena occurring in transient processes. These processes begin at a certain instant in a turbulent system in hydrodynamic equilibrium. For such a treatment a transient form of the generalized gamma residence time distribution function has been derived, from which the more relevant internal age distribution function has been obtained. Published data on four different systems, three of which pertain to entrance region transfer to fluids in turbulent flow and the fourth to transient heat transfer rates in gas fluidized beds, have been used to confirm the applicability of the dynamic model.
__label__0, An optimal start-up policy, based on singular perturbation analysis, has been developed for a stirred tank catalytic reactor suffering independent or series catalyst deactivation. A switch-over at a preselected level of conversion from the maximum start-up temperature policy to the optimal constant conversion temperature policy based on a quasi-steady-state assumption resulted in general improvements in the profit. The improvement becomes more significant as the operating cost of the reactor approaches the sale price of the product.
__label__0, Experimental data on the fractional gas hold-up in a 10 cm I.D. bubble column with a single-nozzle gas sparger were obtained with various gases and pure liquids or aqueous solutions of non-electrolytes and the effect of the physical properties of the gas and the liquid on the gas hold-up was studied. A new dimensionless correlation for the fractional gas hold-up was presented and shown to correlate the experimental data with an average deviation of 4.2%. The gas hold-up for air in aqueous solutions of various electrolytes was also measured and the effect of the presence of electrolytes on the gas hold-up was investigated.
__label__0, Guidelines for the optimal design of three-phase flow air-lift pumps for continuus sand filters are derived from empirical full-scale tests. The influence of riser-tube diameter, air-injector type and position, and degree of submergence is accounted for. Both the optimum and the maximum transportation capacities and the corresponding air requirements are presented. A new equation reveals the approximate relationship between sand and liquid volume fractions leaving optimal air-lift pumps.
__label__0, Factorial design of experiments and analysis of variance have been applied to bulk polymerization of styrene in a batch reactor. A factorial design with three levels of temperature T0 (70, 80 and 90 °C) and initiator concentration I0 (1, 2 and 3 g/l) and two levels of agitator rotational speed N (100 and 300 rev/min) led to the identification of significant effects and interactions on conversion X and polydispersity IP.
__label__0, Generalized methods of synthesizing a consistent kinetic structure are developed for reaction mixtures with many irreversible first-order reactions. The methods require a minimal amount of experimental work and the application of the methods leads, in quite a straightforward manner, to a consistent kinetic structure. The methods involve the use of rules developed for the sequential orientation of various lumps, the use of a continuously fed batch reactor and that of modified frequency response and Laplace transformation methods for forming a network of reaction paths connecting all the lumps, properly oriented and identified. The synthesis methods are applied to a model available in the literature for the catalytic cracking of gas oil. Results show that the modified frequency response and Laplace transformation methods are effective, even when they are subjected to ± 70% Gaussian white noise in the experimental data. It is also shown that these methods are effective for very stiff kinetic systems. Combination of these two methods yields information on the number of independent reactions between two known lumps. Use of these methods for other purposes is discussed.
__label__0, The absorption rate and mechanism of NO2-N2O4 gas mixtures diluted with nitrogen into nitric acid solutions were investigated in a wetted wall column at 20 °C and 30 °C. It was found that N2O4, which is continuously in equilibrium with NO2, is preferentially absorbed into diluted nitric acid as well as into concentrated nitric acid. The absorption of N2O4 into diluted acid is accompanied by a rapid pseudo-first order reaction with water. Values of HN2O4 were measured as a function of the acid strength at 20 °C.
__label__0, A study was made on the entrainment and mass transfer at the density interface in a trough. The trough was located approximately in the middle of a channel 2.7 m long, 0.05 m wide and 0.04 m high. Six water-soluble chemicals were used to make solutions of denser fluids in the trough. The experimental results were summarized satisfactorily by empirical correlations in which an analytical interfacial velocity was introduced.
__label__0, La présente étude a pour but d'analyser l'influence des variations du nombre de viscosité sur le transfers de soluté au niveau d'une goutte iso
__label__0, Immobilization of plant cells in reticulate foam matrices creates a milieu which is similar to that prevailing in callus tissues. Since many valuable plant secondary metabolites are found mainly in the callus as opposed to suspension cultures, there is considerable interest in immobilized plant cell cultures. In the design of bioreactors for such systems, there is a need to know the effective diffusion coefficients through the integral mass of the immobilized cells. In this work, diffusion of glucose through callus tissue was determined using 4C-labelled glucose. Application of one-dimensional unsteady state molecular diffusion theory to the experimental results indicated that the value of the effective diffusion coefficient was in the range (0.028 – 0. 28) × 10−5 cm2 s−1.
__label__0, Three major methods for determining diffusivities and adsorption parameters in porous solids from chromatographic experiments are compared. These methods are (a) evaluation of moments, (b) time-domain solution of the model equations by inversion of the Laplace solution and (c) time-domain solution using the method of orthogonal collocation. On the basis of a specific physical model for a non-isobaric chromatographic column the capabilities of the estimation methods are compared and recommendations are given as to their advantages and limitations.
__label__0, In this work a new process for hydrating isobutene-rich feeds to tert-butyl alcohol (TBA) is presented. The study aims at finding the best operating conditions for a trickle-bed reactor employing one pass of gas and liquid recycle for a specified production of 100,000 t TBA per year. We use Amberlyst-15 ion-exchange resin as a catalyst, for which intraparticle effects as well as mass transfer coefficients in trickle-bed operation are available. The best recycle rates and temperatures are found by making a compromise between enhanced isobutene solubility caused by high alcohol concentration and a decrease in rate owing to the reverse reaction.
__label__0, A generalized kinematic viscosity—temperature correlation for undefined liquid petroleum fractions has been developed to represent the data for a wid 200 and 850 °F. The only characterization properties required for estimation are the API gravity and 50% boiling point. Detailed analysis shows that
__label__0, The degradation of phenol by Pseudomonas putida was studied in a continuous stirred tank biochemical reactor (CSTBR). A model of the CSTBR was develope concentration in the feed. This enables determination of the stability range of the CSTBR. A short-cut method which facilitates a quick approximation o
__label__0, Intraparticle ion-exchange mass transfer in ternary systems has been analysed according to the Nernst—Planck equation. Theoretical intraparticle concentration profiles and electric potential profiles for the (H+Na+Zn2+) system have been derived and discussed in relation to changes with time in the experimental mean concentrations in the resin phase. In the [R · H] + {NaNO3 + Zn(NO3)2} system and the [R · Na] + {HNO3 + Zn(NO3)2} system (adsorption process), the concentration profiles of Na+ and H+ each respectively showed a peak: the faster ion in the liquid phase was transported against its concentration gradient because of the electric potential gradient. In the [R · Zn] + {HNO3 + NaNO3} and [R · Na + R · Zn] + HNO3 systems, no peak appeared in the concentration profiles. These results agree with the trend in the experimental mean concentrations of the ions with time. Since it appeared that the use of the Ne rnst—Planck equation, with the assumptions of constant self-diffusivities and of constant particle diameter, caused very little error, this simple theory should be useful for estimating ion-exchange rates in ternary systems.
__label__0, The expression by Stange for the variance of samples withdrawn from a random two-component mix of multisized non-interacting particles is rederived. The new derivation shows the limitations of Stange's expression more clearly. The derivations in this paper and by Stange assume that the samples contain a constant number of particles. In practice the samples are removed with constant weight. We show that Stange's formula is applicable in this case by appealing to the results in a neglected paper by Knott.
__label__0, Plane microporous PTFE membranes, obtained by stretching, have been modelled by layers of cylinders representing the polymer filaments. The concept of the simulation of Knudsen diffusion in the networks by a Monte Carlo method is used to estimate the complexity of the three-dimensional structure of these membranes. A tortuosity parameter can be calculated from a relation depending only upon the volumic porosity and the mean filament diameter. The results obtained are compared to data obtained for real membranes.
__label__0, Les auteurs présentent une nouvelle méthode short-cut de dimensionnement des colonnes de rectification comportant plusieurs alimentations et soutirages latéraux pour la séparation de mélanges multi-constituants. La procédure est fondée sur un principe de décomposition de la colonne en plusieurs sections pour chacune desquelles il est possible de déterminer le reflux minimum ainsi que le nombre de plateaux à partir de formules classiques de Fenske, Underwood et Gilliland. L'algorithme fournit alors très rapidement le reflux opératoire, les débits et compositions des soutirages latéraux, la position des alimentations et des soutirages, enfin le nombre de plateaux théoriques de la colonne. Divers exemples concernant des mélanges à trois ou quatre constituants sont présentés. Les résultats fournis par cette méthode short-cut ont été comparés avec ceux d'un programme de simulation rigoureux. L'accord qui est très satisfaisant permet de valider cette procédure rapide et très intéressante pour le prédimensionnement de ce type de séparation complexe. Par ailleurs, cette méthode ouvre une nouvelle voie pour la recherche d'une cascade optimale de colonnes de rectification: en effet, l'opportunité de concevoir des colonnes à plusieurs alimentations et soutirages latéraux permet de diminuer le nombre d'opérations et par voie de conséquence, de limiter les coûts d'investissement et surtout la consommation énergétique d'exploitation. Enfin, cette approche short-cut apparaît très performante pour initialiser très rapidement et correctement les méthodes rigoureuses de simulation dont les difficultés de convergence dues à une mauvaise initialisation accroissent le volume et la durée des calculs.
__label__0, Electrodialysis of aqueous solutions of acetic and nitric acids encountered in the industrial practice of deacidification of raw glyoxal solutions has been carried out to investigate the permselectivity of the system. The dependence of the permselectivity coefficient τ on experimental parameters such as flow velocity (V), current density (I), concentration of anions (Ci), etc. has been evaluated. A correlation between τ and the critical parameters has been obtained. Well-known theoretical equations have been used to calculate τ at limiting current density Ilim and as I approaches zero. Calculated results are compared with observed values. Limitations of theoretical procedures when applied to a system containing a weak acid are explained.
__label__0, Degradation of 3-chlorobenzoic acid (3CB), 4-chlorobenzoic acid (4CB), and 4-methylbenzoic acid (4MB) as single substrates (carbon sources) and as a substrate mixture were studied in batch and continuous culture using the genetically modified microorganism Pseudomonas sp. B13 FR1 SN45P. The strain was able to mineralize the single compounds as well as the substrate mixture completely. Conversion of the three compounds in the substrate mixture proceeded simultaneously. Maximum specific substrate conversion rates were calculated to be 0.9 g g−1 h−1 for 3 CB and 4CB and 1.1 g g−1 h−1 for 4MB. Mass balances indicated the transient accumulation of pathway intermediates during batch cultivations. Hence, the rate limiting step in the degradative pathway is not the initial microbial attack of the original substrate or its transport through the cell membrane. Degradation rates on 3CB were comparable to those of the parent strain Pseudomonas sp. B13. The stability of the degradation pathways of strain Pseudomonas sp. B13 FR1 SN45P could be demonstrated in a continuous cultivation over 3.5 months (734 generation times) on 3CB, 4MB, and 4CB, which were used as single carbon sources one after the other.
__label__0, We study the phenomenology of cosmic-rays (CRs) at the galactic/extragalactic transition, focusing on two opposite models for the composition of the extragalactic (EG) component. Model A assumes a mixed source composition, with nuclear abundances similar to that of the low-energy CRs, while model B assumes that EG sources accelerate only protons. We study the limits within which both scenarios can reproduce the observed high-energy CR spectrum and composition. The ankle in model A is interpreted as the GCR/EGCR transition, while in model B it is the pair-production dip. Model A has a source spectrum ∝E−x with x ∼ 2.2–2.3, while model B requires x ∼ 2.6–2.7. We compare the predictions of both models with the available data on the energy evolution of the high-energy CR composition using the two main composition-related observables: Xmax and 〈lnA〉. We conclude that model A is currently favoured. Uncertainties are discussed and distinctive features of the two models are identified, which should allow one to distinguish between the models in the near future when more precise measurements are available with higher statistics experiments.
__label__0, Computer-based generative design tools are often restricted in their scope due to implementation issues. These simple applications can serve as teaching aids for novice designers. Characterizations of generative tools and methods are described as a means of determining appropriate pedagogical tools.
__label__0, This paper presents an integrated framework of multi-objective simulation-optimization for optimizing equipment-configurations of earthmoving operations. The earthmoving operations are modeled through simulation and the performances associated with equipment-configurations are evaluated in terms of multiple attribute utility reflecting the preference of decision-makers to multiple criteria. A modified two-stage ranking-selection procedure, a statistical method, is equipped to help compare the alternatives that have random performances and thus reduce unnecessary number of simulation replications. In addition, particle swarm optimization is incorporated to search for the potential equipment-configurations to be examined through simulation, thus speeding up the evaluation process and avoiding exhaustive simulation experiments of all the alternatives. The architecture of the integrated framework is developed. A computational example is provided to justify the proposed methodology. The study will provide an alternative means to help plan earthmoving operations by considering multiple criteria and combining multiple methodologies.
__label__0, Automated monitoring systems are important in civil engineering industry. Existing utilities and infrastructures are monitored when their safety is of concern. These monitoring data also provide key indicators for their health and information for the life cycle management. With the prevalence of wireless sensor network (WSN) technology and the availability of various wireless communication technologies, large-scale automated monitoring systems can be deployed easily, and the cost of such systems are dropping owing to the use of Micro-Electro-Mechanical System (MEMS) technology. In this work, potential technologies for next-generation automated monitoring systems are first visited. A scalable IT (Information Technology) infrastructure for supporting large-scale automated monitoring systems capable of handling multiple projects is then proposed. Scalability, reliability, and extensibility are main considerations when designing the system and when choosing the technology for the system. Some scenarios are presented to demonstrate the characteristics and capabilities of the proposed infrastructure and information systems.
__label__0, The further development of allosteric HIV-1 RT inhibitors in the urea analogue series of PETT (phenylethylthiazolylthiourea) derivatives is described here. The series includes derivatives with an ethyl linker (1−5) and racemic (6−16) and enantiomeric (17−20) cis-cyclopropane compounds. The antiviral activity was determined both at the RT level and in cell culture on both wild-type and mutant forms of HIV-1. Most compounds have anti-HIV-1 activity on the wt in the nanomolar range. Resistant HIV-1 was selected in vitro for some of the compounds, and the time for resistant HIV-1 to develop was longer for urea−PETT compounds than it was for reference compounds. Preliminary pharmacokinetics in rats showed that compound 18 is orally bioavailable and penetrates well into the brain. The three-dimensional structure of complexes between HIV-1 RT and two enantiomeric compounds (17 and 18) have been determined. The structures show similar binding in the NNI binding pocket. The propionylphenyl moieties of both inhibitors show perfect stacking to tyrosine residues 181 and 188. The cyclopropyl moiety of the (+)-enantiomer 18 exhibits optimal packing distances for the interactions with leucine residue 100 and valine residue 179.
__label__0, Re-examination of the design of the cyclic urea class of HIV protease (HIVPR) inhibitors suggests a general approach to designing novel nonpeptide cyclic HIVPR inhibitors. This process involves the inversion of the stereochemical centers of the core transition-state isostere of the linear HIVPR inhibitors and cyclization of the resulting core using an appropriate cyclizing reagent. As an example, this process is applied to the diamino alcohol class of HIVPR inhibitors11 to give tetrahydropyrimidinones. Conformational analysis of the tetrahydropyrimidinones and modeling of its interaction with the active site of HIVPR suggested modifications which led to very potent inhibitors of HIVPR (24 with a Ki = 0.018 nM). The X-ray crystallographic structure of the complex of 24 with HIVPR confirms the analysis and modeling predictions. The example reported in this study and other examples that are cited indicate that this process may be generally applicable to other linear inhibitors.
__label__0, The chapter contains sections titled:
__label__0, The mutual and the self-diffusion coefficients of the acetone-cellulose acetate system are determined by using established gravimetric measurements of the acetone evaporation rate. The process is studied as a one-dimensional numerical experiment utilizing the Galerkin finite element method. The numerical technique provides simultaneous solution of the model equations and yields by comparison with gravimetric data the diffusion coefficients of acetone in cellulose acetate for a wide range of temperatures and compositions. The estimated diffusion coefficients based on free volume theory are in satisfactory agreement with the available experimental data. It is believed that this method can be applied to other systems of interest.
__label__0, Commercial polymeric gas separation membranes exhibit a trade-off between productivity and selectivity. However, on this same trade-off curve molecular sieving materials like zeolites and carbon molecular sieves (CMS) lie above the upper bound for polymers. A comparison of the gas transport properties of these three different classes of materials highlights the importance of “entropic selectivity” which has hitherto not been focused on for membrane-based separation of gases. A whole new generation of polymeric membrane materials may result from enhancement of entropic selectivity of polymeric membrane materials.
__label__0, The square-well fluid thermodynamics and liquid structure derived from Barker−Henderson's perturbation theory, including a truncation correction, are used within a SAFT framework to develop a prototype of an engineering equation of state for alkane chains, referred to as SAFT1. For small n-alkanes, not only the vapor pressure and liquid density, but also the second virial coefficient, heat of vaporization, and heat capacity, are found to be more accurate. SAFT1 parameters are well behaved and hence easy to estimate reliably for high-molecular-weight alkanes and polyolefins. These parameters are found to predict cloud points in mixtures of homo- and heterosegmented molecules, such as polyolefins, without fitting.
__label__0, A range of pseudo-random silver structures, where there is a choice of clustered spheres or pillars or tori, have been fabricated on silicon using the method of island lithography combined with electroless plating. Pyridine has been adsorbed on these structures and the surface-enhanced Raman scattering spectrum (SERS) measured using 633 nm laser radiation. Measurements of SERS spectra as a function of pyridine solution concentration have enabled an adsorption isotherm to be obtained and the standard free energy of adsorption to be determined (24 kJ mol-1), in good agreement with the literature. The substrates are found to give a uniform signal, as sampled over the prepared area, for both saturation coverage (±12%) and for a fraction of a monolayer, ca. 0.08, (±31%). It is concluded that, in the system studied, the effective area of the SERS “site” must be large compared with the area occupied by the adsorbed pyridine, so that the SERS signal is proportional to the surface coverage, averaged over the adsorbent. The formalism due to Tian and co-workers has been adopted to determine G, the SERS enhancement factor. G is calculated as follows:  G = (scattering intensity per adsorbed molecule)/(scattering intensity per solution molecule). G from 1.9 × 106 (pillars) to 2.5 × 107 (tori) have been estimated, and larger values are expected. These silver substrates, which are robust and reproducible, would seem to be good candidates for various analytical applications.
__label__0, Research in information systems (IS) indicates an absence of clear-cut models to assess IS effectiveness. While the costs are easily identifiable it is the benefits which are most difficult to assess due to the scope of impact of information systems. In order to provide structure to the problem this paper presents a hierarchical approach to develop an IS effectiveness model using structured modelling techniques. This study uses the prior research work and a survey to identify and relate factors of IS effectiveness. The results of the model show that ‘improving systems integration’ has the highest influence on information systems effectiveness, followed by ‘facilitating information retrieval’. We were able to validate our results by showing that they are consistent with the widely accepted ‘stages model’ of IS development. Of particular interest is the finding that significantly high levels of IS effectiveness are experienced by organizations in the penultimate or final stage of IS development. The most significant contribution of this study is the development of a comprehensive IS effectiveness evaluation framework that resolves many subjective dilemmas of traditional user-centred evaluation approaches. Copyright © 1999 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
__label__0, The kinetics of acetylene hydrogenation in the presence of a large excess of ethylene was studied in a laboratory flow reactor. Experiments were carried out using a Pd/α-Al2O3 commercial catalyst and a simulated cracker gas mixture (H2/C2H2 = 50; 60% C2H4; 30% H2, and traces of CO), at varying temperature (293−393 K) and pressure (2−35 atm). Competing mechanisms for acetylene and ethylene hydrogenation were formulated and the corresponding kinetic equations derived by rate-determining step methods. A criterion based upon statistical analysis was used to discriminate between rival kinetic models. The selected equations are consistent with the adsorption of C2H2 and C2H4 in the same active sites followed by reaction with adsorbed hydrogen atoms to form C2H4 and C2H6 in a one-step process. Good agreement between computed and experimental results was obtained using a nonisothermal reactor model that takes into account the existence of external temperature and concentration gradients. The derived kinetic equations together with a pseudohomogeneous model of an integral adiabatic flow reactor were employed to simulate the conversion and the temperature profiles for a commercial hydrogenation unit.
__label__0, The laser-assisted microstructuring of thin films especially for electronic applications without damaging the layers or the substrates is a challenge for the laser micromachining techniques. The laser-induced thin-film patterning by ablation of the polymer substrate at the rear side that is called ‘SWIFD’ – shock-wave-induced film delamination patterning has been demonstrated. This study focuses on the temporal sequence of processes that characterize the mechanism of this SWIFD process on a copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) solar cell stacks on polyimide. For this purpose high-speed shadowgraph experiments were performed in a pump probe experimental set-up using a KrF excimer laser for ablating the rear side of the polyimide substrate and measuring the shock wave generation at laser ablation of the polymer substrate as well as the thin-film delamination. The morphology and size of the thin-film structures were studied by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Furthermore, the composition after the laser treatment was analyzed by energy dispersive X-ray (EDX) spectroscopy. The shadowgraph experiments allow the time-dependent identification and evaluation of the shock wave formation, substrate bending, and delamination of the thin film in dependence on the laser parameters. These results will contribute to improve the physical understanding of the laser-induced delamination effect for thin-film patterning.
__label__0, A recent theory of information uncertainty (IU) postulates a negative (positive) relationship between IU and future returns (momentum returns). We extend this theory by showing that its predictions could be conditioned by differences in behavioral biases induced by culture. We find that greater IU does not necessarily result in lower future returns in China unlike in the U.S. In fact for some IU proxies, high IU firms have higher future returns. Second, we confirm earlier evidence of a weak momentum effect in the Chinese stock market which is consistent with the low level of individualism among Chinese investors reported in the literature. Third we find that momentum returns of firms with greater IU are not necessarily higher than firms with lower IU.
__label__0, The Alexandrium tamarense species complex is one of the most studied marine dinoflagellate groups due to its ecological, toxicological and economic importance. Several members of this complex produce saxitoxin and its congeners - potent neurotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning. Isolates from this complex are assigned to A. tamarense, A. fundyense, or A. catenella based on two main morphological characters: the ability to form chains and the presence/absence of a ventral pore between Plates 1′ and 4′. However, studies have shown that these characters are not consistent and/or distinctive. Further, phylogenies based on multiple regions in the rDNA operon indicate that the sequences from morphologically indistinguishable isolates partition into five clades. These clades were initially named based on their presumed geographic distribution, but recently were renamed as Groups I-V following the discovery of sympatry among some groups. In this study we present data on morphology, ITS/5.8S genetic distances, ITS2 compensatory base changes, mating incompatibilities, toxicity, the sxtA toxin synthesis gene, and rDNA phylogenies. All results were consistent with each group representing a distinct cryptic species. Accordingly, the groups were assigned species names as follows: Group I, A. fundyense; Group II, A. mediterraneum; Group III, A. tamarense; Group IV, A. pacificum; Group V, A. australiense.
__label__0, Plasticity is an essential characteristic of the brain. It is part of the ways in which the brain functions and is continuous while the brain interacts with the outer world. The state of activation and the level of activity of the entire organism affect the brain's plastic response. Brain plasticity has many substrates, ranging from synapses to neurites and entire cells. The production of new neurons is part of plasticity even in the adult and old brain, but under normal conditions neurogenesis only occurs in two privileged regions of the adult brain: hippocampus and olfactory system. In the hippocampus, physical activity stimulates neurogenesis by acting on the proliferation of neuronal stem cells. More specific functions, such as learning may be able to recruit new neurons from the pool of cells with neurogenic potential. In a broader context, neuronal stem cells can likely be found throughout the brain. Therefore, novel approaches to neuroregeneration will, when most effective, make use of the activity-related effects on neuronal stem cells in the adult brain to activate these stem cells in a targeted manner to enhance the brain function.
__label__0, The ballistic performance of thick ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene (UHMW-PE) composite was experimentally determined for panel thicknesses ranging from 9 mm to 100 mm against 12.7 mm and 20 mm calibre fragment simulating projectiles (FSPs). Thin panels (∼<10 mm thick) were observed to undergo large deflection and bulging, failing predominantly in fibre tension. With increased thickness the panels demonstrated a two-stage penetration process: shear plugging during the initial penetration followed by the formation of a transition plane and bulging of a separated rear panel. The transition plane between the two penetration stages was found to vary with impact velocity and target thickness. These variables are inter-related in ballistic limit testing as thicker targets are tested at higher velocities. An analytical model was developed to describe the two-stages of perforation, based on energy and momentum conservation. The shear plugging stage is characterised in terms of work required to produce a shear plug in the target material, while the bulging and membrane tension phase is based on momentum and classical yarn theory. The model was found to provide very good agreement with the experimental results for thick targets that displayed the two-stage penetration process. For thin targets, which did not show the initial shear plugging phase, analytical models for membranes were demonstrated as suitable.
__label__0, The design of protein particles with tailored properties has received an increased attention recently. Several approaches, from simple heat treatment in dilute systems to the combination of heat and mechanical treatments in concentrated protein solutions, have been used to obtain protein particles with varying functional properties. Control of particle size, morphology, surface- and internal properties is crucial for obtaining protein particles with the necessary properties for emerging applications. The latter include not only the use of protein particles in foods, where they can improve the stability of foods at high protein content, but also as food-grade particles for the delivery of bio-actives. By tuning the morphology and size of protein particles, protection or controlled release of various bio-active components may be obtained. We review the various methods that have been used to prepare protein particles and discuss the behavior of the particles in dispersed systems and their possible applications.
__label__0, Named Data Networking (NDN) is proposed for effective content distribution when a large number of end-users demand for popular content at the same time. Thus, NDN can be implemented in Vehicular ad-hoc NETwork (VANET) to meet the particular requirements. Therefore, all of vehicles refer to the real time traffic status by a faster and more efficient network. In this paper, we propose VEhicular Named Data NETwork (VENDNET) according to three different vehicle communication mechanisms, which are vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I), a hybrid of vehicle to road side unit (V2R) and vehicle to vehicle (V2V). Furthermore, this paper illustrates the experimental results conducted by OPNET Modeler, and shows that the solution with NDN enhances the Quality of Service (QoS) of VANET significantly.
__label__0, This paper investigates the response of the shadow economy to banking crises. Our empirical analysis, based on a large sample of countries, suggests that the informal sector is a powerful buffer, which expands at times of banking crises and absorbs a large proportion of the fall in official output. To rationalise our evidence, we build a dynamic stochastic general equilibrium model which accounts for financial and labour market frictions and for nominal rigidities. In line with the empirical literature on the shadow economy, we assume that in the informal sector access to external finance is limited, and the production technology is relatively more labour intensive. Following a banking shock in the official sector, the model predicts a large negative transmission to the unofficial economy that substantially dampens the overall effect of the shock.
__label__0, Ferritins are widely distributed throughout living organisms and have a highly conserved structure made up of 24 protein subunits. Iron incorporation into mammalian ferritins involves the following steps: uptake of Fe2+ into the protein shell, most probably through the hydrophilic three-fold channels; oxidation of ferrous iron by the dinuclear ferroxidase sites situated within the four-helix bundle of H-chain subunits by molecular O2, producing H2O2; migration of Fe3+ from the ferroxidase sites to sites of nucleation on the interior surface of the L-chain subunits of the protein shell, which facilitates mineralization; growth of the ferrihydrite mineral core via iron oxidation and mineralization on the surface of the growing crystallite. The initial stages of iron incorporation require the ferroxidase sites of the protein. The model which best describes the global biomineralization process in mammalian ferritins is called the crystal growth mechanism. Biominerals based on calcium carbonate are found in a very large number of organisms. The shells of molluscs are among the most abundant biogenic minerals, and are composed of 95–99% calcium carbonate crystal and less than 5% organic matrix. Bone and teeth in mammals and bony fishes all rely on calcium phosphates in the form of hydroxyapatite [Ca5(PO4)3OH]2. The bones of the endoskeleton, the dentin and enamel of teeth have a high mineral content of carbonated apatite, and represent an extraordinary variety of structures with physical and mechanical properties exquisitely adapted to their particular function in the tissue where they are produced.
__label__0, Silica gel-supported ceric ammonium nitrate (CAN−SiO2) was found effective for rapid and selective cleavage of trityl (Tr), monomethoxytrityl (MMTr), and dimethoxytrityl (DMTr) groups from protected nucleosides and nucleotides under mild conditions. Efficiency of deprotections depended upon the stability of the resultant carbocationic species:  DMTr+ > MMTr+ > Tr+. Use of a catalytic amount of this solid-supported reagent can also efficiently and selectively remove the tert-butyldimethylsilyl or the triisopropylsilyl group from a primary hydroxyl functionality in di- or trisilyl ethers of ribonucleosides. A comparative study of deprotection reactions by utilization of CAN alone or CAN−SiO2 indicates a remarkable increase in the rate of the reactions involving a solid support. The mechanism of electron-transfer processes is proposed for the use of CAN−SiO2 in the removal of these protective groups from organic molecules.
__label__0, The catalytic degradation of high-density polyethylene to hydrocarbons was studied over different zeolites. The product range was typically between C3 and C15 hydrocarbons. Distinctive patterns of product distribution were found with different zeolitic structures. Over large-pore ultrastable Y, Y, and β zeolites, alkanes were the main products with less alkenes and aromatics and only very small amounts of cycloalkanes and cycloalkenes. Medium-pore mordenite and ZSM-5 gave significantly more olefins. In the medium-pore zeolites secondary bimolecular reactions were sterically hindered, resulting in higher amounts of alkenes as primary products. The hydrocarbons formed with medium-pore zeolites were lighter than those formed with large-pore zeolites. The following order was found regarding the carbon number distribution:  (lighter products) ZSM-5 < mordenite < β < Y < US-Y (heavier products). A similar order was found regarding the bond saturation:  (more alkenes) ZSM-5 < mordenite < β < Y < US-Y (more alkanes). Dependent upon the chosen zeolite, a variety of products was obtained with high values as fuel, confirming catalytic degradation of polymers as a promising method of waste plastic recycling.
__label__0, In the process of laser cladding, pores existing frequently at the bottom of overlapping zone. The generation mechanism and controlling methods of the pores are investigated. The results showed that the laser power density suddenly decreases at the bottom of overlapping zone because of the tangential angle of the cladding outline, and the lower power density slowed down the generation of the molten pool. On the other hand, the molten pool around the border position formed quickly and fused together. Then the pores formed due to the rapid solidification of the molten pool. The main factor that affects the generation of pores is the width-to-height ratio of single track because it affected the power density by the angle indirectly. Besides, a higher power density and lower thermal conductivity can restrain the generation of the pores by increasing convection intensity and convection time of the molten pool. In addition, reducing the high-melting-point hard phase may lead to smaller pores.
__label__0, The present work aims to investigate the dry sliding wear behaviour of AA 6061 nanocomposites reinforced with various nanolevel reinforcements, such as titanium carbide (TiC), gamma phase alumina (γ-Al2O3) and hybrid (TiC + Al2O3) nanoparticles with two weight percentages (wt.%) prepared by 30 h of mechanical alloying (MA). The tests were performed using a pin-on-disk wear tester by sliding these pin specimens at sliding speeds of 0.6, 0.9 and 1.2 m/s against an oil-hardened non-shrinking (OHNS) steel disk at room temperature. Wear tests were conducted for normal loads of 5, 7 and 10 N at different sliding speeds at room temperature. The variations of the friction coefficient and the wear rate with the sliding distances (500 m, 1000 m and 1600 m) for different normal loads and sliding velocities were plotted and investigated. To observe the wear characteristics and to investigate the wear mechanism, the morphologies of the worn surfaces were analysed using a scanning electron microscope (SEM). The formation of an oxide layer on the worn surface was examined by energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS). The wear rate was found to increase with the load and sliding velocity for all prepared nanocomposites. Hybrid (TiC + Al2O3) reinforced AA 6061 nanocomposites had lower wear rates and friction coefficients compared with TiC and Al2O3 reinforced AA 6061 nanocomposites.
__label__0, Recent evidence suggests that the cannabinoid receptor subtype 2 (CB2) is implicated in anxiety and depression disorders, although few systematic studies in laboratory animals have been reported. The aim of the current experiments was to test the effects of the CB2 receptor potent-selective agonist β-caryophyllene (BCP) in animals subjected to models of anxiolytic- and antidepressant-like effects. Therefore effects of BCP (50 mg/kg) on anxiety were assessed using the elevated plus maze (EPM), open field (OF), and marble burying test (MBT). However for depression, the novelty-suppressed feeding (NSF), tail suspension test (TST), and forced swim tests (FST) were used. Results indicated that adult mice receiving BCP showed amelioration of all the parameters observed in the EPM test. Also, BCP significantly increased the time spent in the center of the arena without altering the general motor activity in the OF test. This dose was also able to decrease the number of buried marbles and time spent digging in the MBT, suggesting an anti-compulsive-like effect. In addition, the systemic administration of BCP reduced immobility time in the TST and the FST. Finally, BCP treatment decreased feeding latency in the NSF test. Most importantly, pre-administration of the CB2 receptor antagonist AM630, fully abrogated the anxiolytic and the anti-depressant effects of BCP. Taken together, these preclinical results suggest that CB2 receptors may provide alternative therapeutic targets for the treatment of anxiety and depression. The possibility that BCP may ameliorate the symptoms of these mood disorders offers exciting prospects for future studies.
__label__0, We draw on the functionalist perspective of emotions (Keltner & Gross, 1999) in order to propose that ashamed employees engage in creative activity as a way to restore their positive self-image. We also propose that the shame–creativity relation is strongest if employees expose themselves via expressive suppression to a team environment that encourages creativity. We test these propositions with data from two Colombian field studies. Overall, we find mixed support for a main effect of shame on creativity but consistent support for the moderating effect of exposure to creative team environments on the link between shame and creativity. A scenario experiment confirmed restore motivation as one central mediating mechanism explaining the main and interactive effects of shame on creativity. We discuss implications for the literatures on creativity, shame, and exposure to creative team environments.
__label__0, Even the most superficial perusal of the literature for the purpose of reviewing high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) separations of peptides quickly reveals that shortage of relevant material is certainly not a problem. This is due primarily to the tremendous development of high-performance chromatographic techniques, in the past few years, in terms of scale, instrumentation, and column packings. In addition, there is an almost bewildering variety of mobile phases, employed by various researchers for specific applications in all major modes of HPLC employed for peptide separations. This chapter discusses the laboratory-based researchers, both beginners and more experienced chromatographers, who wish to learn about peptide applications in HPLC. Thus, standard analytical applications in HPLC of peptides are stressed, as opposed to micro- or preparative-scale chromatography. Only nonspecialized columns, mobile phases, and instrumentation readily available and easily employed by the researcher are described in detail in the chapter. In addition, through the use of peptide standards specifically designed for HPLC, this chapter describes the standard operating conditions that should first be attempted in the separation of a peptide mixture.
__label__0, This chapter focuses on various methods for the assessment of intracellular bacterial killing and digestion and the mobilization and action of individual anti-microbial agents within professional phagocytes. Essential host defense responses to invading microbes include sequestration of viable organisms to prevent further dissemination and creation of a highly noxious microenvironment to render the targeted microbe non-viable. Professional phagocytes play major roles in these responses. The antimicrobial role of professional phagocytes, especially of macrophages, includes microbial digestion to facilitate disassembly and removal of microbial remnants, down-regulation of the inflammatory response and return of the host to a resting state. Relatively few host antibacterial proteins have actions sufficiently specific to permit product accumulation to serve faithfully as evidence of their interaction with ingested microbes. Prominent among the array of defensive responses mounted by phagocytes is the agonist-dependent generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) by neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages. The enzyme responsible for the conversion of molecular oxygen to superoxide anion is a multicomponent complex composed of a heterodimeric membrane protein, flavocytochrome b558, and at least three cytosolic proteins.
__label__0, Early global measures of genome complexity (power spectra, the analysis of fluctuations in DNA walks or compositional segmentation) uncovered a high degree of complexity in eukaryotic genome sequences. The main evolutionary mechanisms leading to increases in genome complexity (i.e. gene duplication and transposon proliferation) can all potentially produce increases in DNA clustering. To quantify such clustering and provide a genome-wide description of the formed clusters, we developed GenomeCluster, an algorithm able to detect clusters of whatever genome element identified by chromosome coordinates. We obtained a detailed description of clusters for ten categories of human genome elements, including functional (genes, exons, introns), regulatory (CpG islands, TFBSs, enhancers), variant (SNPs) and repeat (Alus, LINE1) elements, as well as DNase hypersensitivity sites. For each category, we located their clusters in the human genome, then quantifying cluster length and composition, and estimated the clustering level as the proportion of clustered genome elements. In average, we found a 27% of elements in clusters, although a considerable variation occurs among different categories. Genes form the lowest number of clusters, but these are the longest ones, both in bp and the average number of components, while the shortest clusters are formed by SNPs. Functional and regulatory elements (genes, CpG islands, TFBSs, enhancers) show the highest clustering level, as compared to DNase sites, repeats (Alus, LINE1) or SNPs. Many of the genome elements we analyzed are known to be composed of clusters of low-level entities. In addition, we found here that the clusters generated by GenomeCluster can be in turn clustered into high-level super-clusters. The observation of ‘clusters-within-clusters’ parallels the ‘domains within domains’ phenomenon previously detected through global statistical methods in eukaryotic sequences, and reveals a complex human genome landscape dominated by hierarchical clustering.
__label__0, Population growth in urban areas is leading to an expansion in industrial development, which in turn creates increased volumes of wastewater with ever more complex compositions. The wastewater that is generated is discharged into water sources that supply drinking water to other urban areas, causing higher levels of pollution. One option for the treatment of water and wastewater is the use of biological processes, which offer certain advantages over other common treatment technologies. The organic contaminants to be destroyed are used and transformed by bacteria or other organisms as a source of food. Thus the water/wastewater treatment process is used to dispose of waste in a non-toxic and sanitary manner. This chapter discusses the major biological options for water and wastewater treatment.
__label__0, Oxidation of adamantanone and norcamphor in Baeyer-Villiger reaction, by hydrogen peroxide as oxidating agent using mesoporous molecular sieves as catalysts with tin in structure, was investigated in a liquid phase. Different procedures for synthesis of catalysts to study the influence of synthesis procedures and the dependence of tin content were used. It was shown that all types of catalysts, both (Sn)MCM-41 exhibited conversions of adamantanone between 42–90% and of norcamphor between 32–73% while (Sn)MCM-48 exhibited conversions of adamantanone between 51–100% and conversions of norcamphor between 53–86%. In all reactions the selectivities to desired lactones were almost 100%. No direct relationship has been found between the conversion of individual ketones and bulk concentrations of tin in both (Sn)MCM-41 and (Sn)MCM-48. The Lewis sites accessible for pyridine measured by FTIR spectroscopy do not probably participate in Baeyer-Villiger reaction to the same extent.
__label__0, In this study, a stainless steel wire/ionic liquid-solid phase microextraction technique was developed for the direct extraction of APs from water samples. Some parameters were optimised, such as selection of the substrate and ILs, extraction time, extraction temperature, stirring rate and sample pH, etc. The experimental data demonstrated that the etched stainless steel wire was a suitable substrate for IL-coated SPME. The coating was prepared by directly depositing the ILs onto the surface of the etched stainless steel wire, which exhibited a porous structure and a high surface area. The [C8MIM][PF6] IL exhibited maximum efficiency with an extraction time of 30 min, and the aqueous sample was maintained at 40 °C and adjusted to pH 2 under stirring conditions. The enrichment factor of the IL coating for the four APs ranged from 1382 to 4779, the detection limits (LOD, S/N=3) of the four APs ranged from 0.01 to 0.04 ng mL−1 and the RSD values for purified water spiked with APs ranged from 4.0 to 11.8% (n=3). The calibration graphs were linear in the concentration range from 0.5 to 200 ng mL−1 (R2>0.9569). The optimised method was successfully applied for the analysis of real water samples, and the method was suitable for the extraction of APs from water samples.
__label__0, This study describes some recent results of a numerical study on the wind-induced response of a tall building, contaminated by along-wind loading uncertainty. The study also proposes the use of “intervention costs” in the form of a dimensionless random variable, which nonlinearly depends on the dynamic response of the structure, for the examination of the structural performance during high-wind events.
__label__0, There are an estimated 0.5–1 million mite species on earth. Among the many mites that are known to affect humans and animals, only a subset are parasitic but these can cause significant disease. We aim here to provide an overview of the most recent work in this field in order to identify common biological features of these parasites and to inform common strategies for future research. There is a critical need for diagnostic tools to allow for better surveillance and for drugs tailored specifically to the respective parasites. Multi-‘omics’ approaches represent a logical and timely strategy to identify the appropriate mite molecules. Recent advances in sequencing technology enable us to generate de novo genome sequence data, even from limited DNA resources. Consequently, the field of mite genomics has recently emerged and will now rapidly expand, which is a particular advantage for parasitic mites that cannot be cultured in vitro. Investigations of the microbiota associated with mites will elucidate the link between parasites and pathogens, and define the role of the mite in transmission and pathogenesis. The databases generated will provide the crucial knowledge essential to design novel diagnostic tools, control measures, prophylaxes, drugs and immunotherapies against the mites and associated secondary infections.
__label__0, The transitions from ignition to flames as well as the combustion dynamics in stratified n-heptane and toluene mixtures are numerically modeled by a correlated dynamic adaptive chemistry method coupled with a hybrid multi-timescale method (HMTS/CO-DAC) in a one-dimensional constant volume chamber. The study attempts to answer how the kinetic difference between n-alkanes and aromatics leads to different ignition to flame transitions and knocking-like acoustic wave formation at low temperature and engine pressure conditions with fuel stratification. It is found that the low temperature chemistry (LTC) and fuel stratification of n-heptane leads to the formation of multiple ignition fronts. Four different combustion wave fronts, a low temperature ignition (LTI) front followed by a high temperature ignition (HTI) front, a premixed flame (PF) front, and a diffusion flame (DF) front, are demonstrated. The fast LTI and HTI wave front propagation leads to a shock-like strong acoustic wave propagation, thus strongly modifying the dynamics of the subsequent diffusion and premixed flame fronts. On the other hand, for the toluene mixture, due to the lack of LTC, only two combustion wave fronts are formed, a HTI front and a premixed flame front, exhibiting stable flow field and no formation of shock-like acoustic wave. The dynamics of transition from combustion to shock waves is further analyzed by using a modified Burgers’ equation. The analysis for n-heptane/air mixture indicates that both the onset of LTI and the strong dependency of HTI on the equivalence ratio can either promote or attenuate the transition from strong acoustic wave to shock wave. However, the toluene/air mixture exhibits no coupling with acoustic wave, suggesting that the rich LTC reactivity with fuel stratification, specific to the n-alkane chemistry, can lead to knocking and acoustic formation.
__label__0, This chapter considers the facets of radiation biology that affect the fungicidal and fungistatic consequences of radiation to lay a foundation for discussions of recent investigations in the area of irradiation of fresh fruits and vegetables. Certain aspects of radiation effects are of particular importance to studies of the use of ionizing radiation in the pathology of harvested fruits and vegetables. Thus, these considerations have been discussed in detail. The use of radiation in post-harvest pathology depends on the radiation sensitivity of the fungus compared with the ability of the host to withstand the treatment with little or no injury or deleterious side effects. The apparent sensitivity of the fungus is determined by a number of factors. One factor is the inherent resistance of a fungus to inactivation by ionizing radiation. The chapter discusses problems of technique in studies involving mycelium. Experimental conditions before, during, or after irradiation influence the results of experiments designed to determine the effectiveness of radiation as a fungicidal treatment. Some factors magnify the damaging qualities of the irradiation, whereas others alter the ability of the living cell to withstand injury. A number of different approaches have been used in studying the dose response of fungi to irradiation. As all approaches have various limitations or defects, the method is selected with care. For in vitro studies, the methods usually used with yeasts or bacteria frequently require modification because of the filamentous habit of growth of most postharvest decay species. The chapter also discusses the use of packaging to protect fruits or vegetables from post-irradiation infection.
__label__0, Probability generating function (p.g.f.) is a powerful tool to study discrete compound Poisson (DCP) distribution. By applying inverse Fourier transform of p.g.f., it is convenient to numerically calculate probability density and do parameter estimation. As an application to finance and insurance, we firstly show that in the generalized CreditRisk+ model, the default loss of each debtor and the total default of all debtors are both approximately equal to a DCP distribution, and we give Le Cam’s error bound between the total default and a DCP distribution. Next, we consider geometric Brownian motion with DCP jumps and derive its r th moment. We establish the surplus process of the difference of two DCP distributions, and numerically compute the tail probability. Furthermore, we define the discrete pseudo compound Poisson (DPCP) distribution and give the characterizations and examples of DPCP distribution, including the strictly decreasing discrete distribution and the zero-inflated discrete distribution with P ( X = 0 ) > 0.5 .
__label__0, A catalytic reaction rate can be based on catalyst volume, surface, or mass. Moreover, in practical applications, rates are often expressed per volume of reactor. Each definition leads to different manipulations and special attention is required when switching from one expression to another. This chapter presents the various forms of catalytic reaction rates and the connection among them. Chemical reactors vary widely in shape and in the mode of operation. Consequently, there are various ways of classifying them. Their classification is based on the number of the involved reacting phases—homogeneous and heterogeneous reactors—and presents the reactor analysis for the same. This chapter focuses on the heterogeneous processes. These include gas–liquid heterogeneous reactors, two-phase fluid–solid heterogeneous reactors, and three-phase heterogeneous reactors. The analysis of the two-phase type of reactor requires a uniform composition of fluid phase throughout the volume. While this is easily achieved by standard agitation devices for liquid–solid systems, i.e. impellers, it requires special design to be achieved for gas–solid systems. This type of reactor is basically used for laboratory experimentation. This kind of reactor is very useful in experimental studies when the goal is the elimination of the external fluid film resistance. It is used for catalytic as well as adsorption systems.
__label__0, This chapter describes the analytical solutions for concentric, rotating, and annular flow. Analytical solutions for the nonlinearly coupled axial and circumferential velocities, their deformation, stress and pressure fields, are obtained for the annular flow in an inclined borehole with a centered, rotating drillstring or casing. The closed form solutions are used to derive formulas for volume flow rate, maximum borehole wall stress, apparent viscosity, and other quantities. The result for Newtonian flow, an exact solution to the Navier–Stokes equations, is considered first, without geometric approximation. An approximate solution for pseudoplastic and dilatant power law fluids is developed. It is found that for Newtonian flows, the stress is linearly proportional to the shear rate and the proportionality constant is the laminar fluid viscosity. In studies on borehole erosion, annular velocity plays an important role, since drilling mud carries abrasive cuttings. The magnitude of fluid shear stress may also be important in unconsolidated sands where tangential surface forces assist in wall erosion. The individual components can be obtained by evaluating equations for power law fluids, and equations Newtonian fluids.
__label__0, The textured Si3N4 ceramics with β-Si3N4 powders as raw material were fabricated by gel-casting under a strong magnetic field of 6 T and subsequent pressureless sintering. The results show that the a or b-axis of β-Si3N4 crystal is oriented parallel to the direction of magnetic field. The degree of texture in the green body reaches 0.72. With the increase of sintering temperature, the degree of texture in the sample increases from 0.74 at 1700 °C to 0.81 at 1800 °C. The bending strength of the Si3N4 ceramic depends on the orientation of grains.
__label__0, Oxygen chemisorption data were obtained gravimetrically on 5-15 wt % MoO3/SiO2 and MoO3/Al2O3, quantitatively reduced to Mo(IV). Results determined at 77, 141 and 195 K showed that molybdena dispersion increases linearly with the active-phase loading. Chemisorption tests at these temperatures yielded the same value for the catalyst dispersion.
__label__0, This chapter expands our previous chapter and applies the model to the various asset classes. This chapter shows how to calibrate the model parameters based upon the trading characteristics of each financial instrument, and how to determine most important determinants of market impact. In this chapter we develop a market impact model for equities, futures, ETFs, fixed income, commodities, and foreign exchange rates. We further apply these models to determine the costs across countries, asset classes, and sectors.
__label__0, Psychopathy is a personality disorder associated with emotional characteristics like impulsivity, manipulativeness, affective shallowness, and absence of remorse or empathy. The impaired emotional responsiveness is considered to be the hallmark of the disorder. There are two theories that attempt to explain the emotional dysfunction and the poor socialization in psychopathy: (1) the low-fear model and (2) the inhibition of violence model. Both approaches are supported by several studies. Studies using aversive conditioning or the startle modulation underline the severe difficulties in processing negative stimuli in psychopaths. Studies that explore the processing of emotional expressions show a deficit of psychopathic individuals for processing sad or fearful facial expressions or vocal affect. In the cognitive domain, psychopaths show performance deficits in the interpretation of the motivational significance of stimuli. Studies investigating the impact of emotions on cognitive processes show that in psychopaths in contrast to healthy controls negative emotions drain no resources from a cognitive task. It is suggested that dysfunctions in the frontal cortex, especially the orbitofrontal cortex, the cingulate cortex and the amygdala are associated with the emotional and cognitive impairments.
__label__0, Stable ordered mesoporous titanosilicates with highly active catalytic sites (MTS-9) have been successfully synthesized from assembly of pre-formed titanosilicate precursors with polymer surfactant (P123) in strongly acidic media. Mesoporous MTS-9 shows good hydrothermal stability in boiling water (over 120 hours). Catalytic data show that MTS-9 is very active catalyst in catalytic conversion of both small molecule of phenol and bulky molecule of 2,3,6-trimethylphenol. The MTS-9 samples were characterized with infrared, UV-Raman, and TEM techniques. The results suggest that the good hydrothermal stability of MTS-9 is attributed to thicker mesoporous wall and zeolite-like connectivity of TO4 (T=Si, Ti) in the mesostructure. The high catalytic activity of MTS-9 are due to the TS-l-like enviroment of the Ti species in MTS-9.
__label__0, Relatively tough epoxy-blend polymers are now commercially available for use as adhesives and as the matrices for fibre composites. Nevertheless, another failure property which may be of equal, or even of greater, importance in some applications is the resistance of the epoxy polymer to cyclic-fatigue loading. However, the cyclic-fatigue behaviour of epoxy polymers has not been studied in great detail, especially for epoxy polymers where the material has been modified by forming a polymer blend in order to increase its toughness under quasi-static test rates or impact test rates. Therefore, a major aim of the present work has been to undertake a novel investigation of a range of rubber and thermoplastic materials to modify an epoxy polymer to study whether both a relatively high toughness and a significantly improved cyclic-fatigue behaviour can be simultaneously achieved in a given formulation. The unmodified epoxy-polymer possessed a value of the fracture energy, GIc, of 495 J/m2 and a value for the threshold value of the maximum strain-energy release rate in a fatigue cycle, Gth, (below which no significant crack growth occurs) of 155 J/m2. Several epoxy-polymer blends have been identified which do show major increases in these values and probably the best combination of such properties were for the epoxy-polymers modified with a poly(polypropylene-glycol)-based polyurethane (PU) modifier: either when used by itself or as a ‘hybrid’ polymer-blend in combination with core–shell rubber (CSii) particles, based upon a styrene-butadiene rubber core. For these PU-based epoxy polymers the values of GIc and Gth were found to increase to values of about 2475 J/m2 and 445 J/m2, respectively. The mechanisms of toughening that were induced by the addition of the polymer-blend modifier revealed that the presence of a multiphase in the epoxy-blend polymer was a critical requirement in achieving relatively high values of GIc and Gth. This was due to the second-phase particles initiating plastic deformation of the epoxy-matrix phase, which was the major source of energy dissipation and toughening. In turn, the extent of energy dissipated by the plastic deformation of the epoxy-matrix phase is clearly greatly influenced by the degree of ductility exhibited by this phase of the epoxy-blend polymer. Thus, another important feature of the degree of toughening observed is the effect that the modifier has upon the yield stress and plastic failure strain of the epoxy-matrix phase.
__label__0, Cyclooxygenase −1 (COX-1) selective inhibitors are anticipated to be potential therapeutic agents for thrombosis, tumorigenesis, atherosclerosis, neuroprotection, and oxidative stress. In this study, a 3D-QSAR pharmacophore model was developed for potent and selective COX-1 inhibition based on 44 compounds from four different scaffolds using Phase, Schrödinger. One (hydrogen-bond) acceptor, one hydrophobic, and two aromatic sites (AHRR) contribute to COX-1 inhibitory activity. Test and decoy sets were used to corroborate the best hypothesis and the validated hypothesis was used to screen the SPECS database. The resultant hits were filtered by standard precision (SP) and extra precision (XP) modes of docking using Glide, Schrödinger which yielded five hits. Free energy calculations were carried out to quantify the affinity differences of the hits towards COX enzymes. These five hits were subjected to in vitro COX (ovine) inhibitory activity studies. The hits displayed potent COX-1 inhibitory activity and good selectivity versus COX-2 enzyme. The compounds also protected the nitric oxide (NO) induced cell death mediated by COX-1 in mouse macrophages cell line. Hence, we hypothesize that these compounds could be promising leads for the design of superior COX-1 inhibitors and insights gained from further exploration of the same could provide pertinent clues for the treatment of the conditions mentioned above.
__label__0, This chapter discusses that along with salting and drying, smoking is considered one of the oldest procedures for preserving meats and other foodstuffs. Curing smoke is a complex mixture. The composition is influenced by several generation parameters, such as type of wood; humidity of the wood; generation temperature; and amount of oxygen. Smoking is the treatment of meats or meat products, fish, and sometimes other foods with curing smoke. Generation of curing smoke by smoldering wood may cause problems that are reflected in the varying composition of smoke. Smoke condensation is required for several reasons, such as for the production of the smoke preparation used for flavoring foods. Total smoke condensation from smokehouses is desirable as it reduces the amount of smoke discharged into the environment. Curing smoke is generated by pyrolysis of plant materials, and consists of a mixture of constituents that are distributed in air in a gaseous, liquid, or solid state. Physical and chemical changes occur in the smoke between smoke generation and condensation on meat products or other foods. Tilgner described the phenol content of products with a wet surface smoked during the same period of time to be 20 times greater than that of dry products. This chapter discusses the formation of the smoke color is believed to originate from an uptake of colored smoke constituents, oxidation and polymerization of smoke compounds like phenols, aldehydes, and reaction of smoke compounds with meat proteins.
__label__0, Nephrologists encounter patients who develop kidney disease associated with malignancy or its treatment, or are faced with challenges treating patients with CKD and cancer. To optimize clinical outcomes, knowledge of these issues is critically important. As the population age increases and as newer therapeutic options emerge, these issues will likely be more common and require the expertise of the nephrologist to optimize patient outcomes.
__label__0, This chapter provides an insight on the concept of sustainable development. The initial part of the chapter discusses the role of the World Conservation Strategy in bringing forth the concept of sustainable development. It also details the contribution of the published reports, ‘Our Common Future’ and ‘The Earth Summit’, towards furthering this concept. The superiority of sustainability over other similar concepts like green chemistry and green engineering is highlighted. The introduction is followed by a brief discussion of the prominent principles of engineering formulated to achieve sustainable development. The 12 principles of green chemistry and green engineering, the natural step principle, and the cradle-to-cradle principle are examples included in the text. The third portion of the chapter presents a list of indicators and metrics used widely to quantify sustainable development. The conclusion of the chapter presents the development of life-cycle analysis and its impact on sustainable development.
__label__0, Europium doped barium niobate (Eu3+:BaNb2O6) phosphors were successfully synthesized by conventional solid state reaction method. Thermogravimetric analysis–differential scanning calorimetry (TGA–DSC), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) characterization techniques have been used to disclose thermal, structural and morphological properties of the synthesized phosphors. X-ray diffraction pattern for the synthesized phosphor calcined at 1200 °C confirms the formation of pure orthorhombic phase for BaNb2O6. In addition to the above mentioned characterizations, photoluminescence properties were also investigated for the BaNb2O6 phosphor under near-UV/blue excitations. Intense red emission observed at 611 nm due to 5D0 → 7F2 transitions of Eu3+ under the excitations of both 394 nm (7F0 → 5L6) and 466 nm (7F0 → 5D2). The CIE chromaticity coordinates evaluated from the emission spectra are falling in the pure red region of the CIE 1931 diagram, which are very much close to the commercial red phosphor (Y2O2S:Eu3+). The above results indicate that Eu3+ doped BaNb2O6 phosphors may be potential candidates to use in white LEDs in which tricolor (red/green/blue) phosphors are excited by near ultraviolet light.
__label__0, Advanced process control (APC) technologies can yield remarkable benefits in improving the efficiency and profitability of plant operations. In this chapter, we will describe some key smart control technologies that help deliver significant improvements to operations and, therefore, to profits, in a most cost-effective and timely way while minimizing energy loss and mitigating CO2 emissions. In addition, the chapter will highlight new innovations in this area. The future of advanced technologies will be shaped by new innovations in control systems and in advanced sensing devices such as biosensors.
__label__0, This study enhances the understanding of pneumatic tire–soft soil interaction through experimental work designed to investigate the effect of individual and combinations of tire/soil parameters on the tire/soil behavior. Its outcomes provide significant information to tire manufacturers, to users (for operating conditions selection), and to researchers (for modeling parameters and validation data).
__label__0, Prenatal development depends on a well orchestrated interaction of locally-produced growth factors and cytokines with classical endocrine hormones such as insulin, glucocorticoids, and thyroid hormones. Prior to implantation of the embryo the insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are widely expressed. A temporal and anatomical expression pattern of various IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs) suggests that these control IGF availability to target organs during early embryo hyperplasia and tissue morphogenesis. Several growth factors, such as fibroblast growth factors (FGFs), and transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) are key players in morphogenesis. Similarly, the placenta expresses a number of growth factors, including IGF-II, FGFs, transforming growth factor-α (TGF-α), and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) which jointly regulate growth and functional maturation in an axis that is linked but separate from that controlling fetal development. The placenta may also contribute growth factors to the maternal circulation. Several Cytokines such as colony stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1), interleukins, and GM-CSF are expressed within placenta. Increased levels of these and other cytokines in amniotic fluid are elevated in pre-term labor associated with infection. The local expression of growth factors in the placento-fetal unit is influenced by environmental factors such as hypoxia or impaired placental function.
__label__0, This chapter deals with the meso- and macrocycles possessing heteroatoms and/or sub heterocyclic rings in general, lactones, lactams, and cyclic imides have been included in this chapter. This chapter discusses the numerous reviews and perspectives that have appeared and are of interest to the heterocrocyclic scientist and those delving into supramolecular chemistry at the molecular level, as well as for those studying super molecules and probing the rationale for tuning the power of crystal engineering. Furthermore, this chapter turns to the discussion of carbon–oxygen rings, carbon–nitrogen rings, carbon–sulfur rings, carbon–boron rings, carbon–iodonium rings, carbon–selenium rings, carbon–nitrogen–oxygen rings, carbon–sulfur–oxygen rings, carbon–nitrogen–sulfur rings, carbon–metal rings, carbon–sulfur–metal rings, carbon–nitrogen–metal rings, carbon–phosphorus–metal rings, and carbon–oxygen–nitrogen–metal rings.
__label__0, A black currant (Ribes nigrum L.) extract (BCE) was prepared to investigate its protective effects against damage to lung fibroblast MRC-5 cells induced by H2O2. BCE exhibited strong scavenging activities against hydroxyl (•OH) and superoxide anion radicals (O2• –) in vitro. Exposing MRC-5 cells to H2O2 reduced the cell viability, the activities of antioxidant enzymes, including superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and catalase (CAT), and cell apoptosis while increasing the thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) content. Pretreating cells with different concentrations of BCE (0, 2.5, 5 and 10 mg/ml) enhanced the cell viability and antioxidant enzyme activities while decreasing the TBARS content. Morphological observations and flow cytometric analysis revealed that BCE alleviated the cell apoptosis induced by H2O2. These protective effects of BCE on MRC-5 cells suggest that black currants may possess the ability to eliminate over-produced ROS in humans.
__label__0, There is preliminary support for internet-delivered cognitive behaviour therapy (iCBT) as a way of improving access to treatment among older adults with anxiety. The aim of this randomized controlled trial (RCT) was to examine the efficacy, long-term outcomes, and cost-effectiveness of an iCBT program for adults over 60 years of age with anxiety. Successful applicants were randomly allocated to either the treatment group (n = 35) or the waitlist control group (n = 37). The online treatment course was delivered over 8 weeks and provided with brief weekly contact with a clinical psychologist via telephone or secure email. Eighty-four percent of participants completed the iCBT course within the 8 weeks and 90% provided data at posttreatment. Significantly lower scores on measures of anxiety (Cohen’s d = 1.43; 95% CI: 0.89 – 1.93) and depression (Cohen’s d = 1.79; 95% CI: 1.21 – 2.32) were found among the treatment group compared to the control group at posttreatment. These lower scores were maintained at 3-month and 12-month follow-up and the treatment group rated the iCBT treatment as acceptable. The treatment group had slightly higher costs ($92.2; 95% CI: $38.7 to $149.2) and Quality-Adjusted Life-Years (QALYs = 0.010; 95% CI: 0.003 to 0.018) than the control group at posttreatment and the intervention was found to have a greater than 95% probability of being cost-effective. The results support iCBT as an efficacious and cost-effective treatment option for older adults with symptoms of anxiety.
__label__0, Learning about a novel, goal-directed action is a complex process. It requires identifying the outcome of the action and linking the action to its outcome for later use in new situations to predict the action or to anticipate its outcome. We investigated the hypothesis that linking a novel action to a salient change in the environment is critical for infants to assign a goal to the novel action. We report a study in which we show that 12-month-old infants, who were provided with prior experience with a novel action accompanied with a salient visible outcome in one context, can interpret the same action as goal-directed even in the absence of the outcome in another context. Our control condition shows that prior experience with the action, but without the salient effect, does not lead to goal-directed interpretation of the novel action. We also found that, for the case of 9-month-olds infants, prior experience with the outcome producing potential of the novel action does not facilitate a goal-directed interpretation of the action. However, this failure was possibly due to difficulties with generalizing the learnt association to another context rather than with linking the action to its outcome.
__label__0, Calpain mediated cleavage of CDK5 natural precursor p35 causes a stable complex formation of CDK5/p25, which leads to hyperphosphorylation of tau. Thus inhibition of this complex is a viable target for numerous acute and chronic neurodegenerative diseases involving tau protein, including Alzheimer’s disease. Since CDK5 has the highest sequence homology with its mitotic counterpart CDK2, our primary goal was to design selective CDK5/p25 inhibitors targeting neurodegeneration. A novel structure-based virtual screening protocol comprised of e-pharmacophore models and virtual screening workflow was used to identify nine compounds from a commercial database containing 2.84 million compounds. An ATP non-competitive and selective thieno[3,2-c]quinolin-4(5H)-one inhibitor (10) with ligand efficiency (LE) of 0.3 was identified as the lead molecule. Further SAR optimization led to the discovery of several low micromolar inhibitors with good selectivity. The research represents a new class of potent ATP non-competitive CDK5/p25 inhibitors with good CDK2/E selectivity.
__label__0, Porous copper oxide nanostructures were synthesized by thermal decomposition of copper hydroxide acetate precursor. The precursor synthesized by a facile solution phase method presents a flower-like configuration, assembled from plate-like structures. CuO with porous features were obtained via thermal decomposition of the precursor, but morphology remains unchanged after the conversion. Under laser light irradiation, copper hydroxide acetate displays a phase transition to CuO as observed by the power dependent Raman spectroscopy.
__label__0, Storage of liquid electrolyte has been a persistent objective for liquid-state flexible dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSCs). We present here the feasibility of rear-irradiated flexible DSSC comprising of groove stored dye-sensitized TiO2 on a Ti foil and conductive plastic supported transparent cobalt selenide alloy counter electrode. After being injected into the groove, the liquid electrolyte containing I−/I3− redox couples can be well sealed. The flexible cells are optimized by adjusting groove depth and stoichiometry of cobalt selenide electrodes, generating a maximum power conversion efficiency of 7.52% under one sun irradiation. The research demonstrates some new insights on how to improve liquid electrolyte retention and elevate photovoltaic performances of flexible DSSCs.
__label__0, Nickel(II), cobalt(II) and zinc(II) mononuclear Schiff base complexes of general formula [MIIL(H2O)3]·2H2O (where M = Ni, Co and Zn) have been synthesized using a new Schiff base ligand (LH2 = 2-((Pyridin-2-yl)methyleneamino)benzene-1,4-dioic acid). All the complexes and the ligand have been characterized by various physical measurements such as elemental analyses, FT-IR and UV–Vis spectroscopic techniques. The crystal structure analyses of the complexes revealed that extensive supramolecular interactions such as hydrogen bond and π–π stacking results 3D array of packing. The hydrogen bonding interaction distances are very similar in all complexes and are around 2.0 Å and for the π–π interactions the values are close to 3.8 Å. The interaction energies are comparable for Ni and Co complexes and is somewhat stronger for Zn complex. The strength of the aforementioned interactions have been evaluated by means of DFT calculations. For in vitro antimicrobial activity study, the complexes were screened against some bacteria and fungi. This study shows that the zone of inhibition against growth of microorganisms is much larger for Zn complex due to strong binding energy. The Hirshfeld surfaces of Ni, Co and Zn complexes were also analyzed to clarify the nature of the intermolecular interactions. Thermogravimetric analyses were performed to investigate the thermal stability of the complexes.
__label__0, This chapter reviews fish sausage and ham industry in Japan. The process of processing fish sausage and ham has been briefly described. The raw materials for fish sausage are not necessarily certain particular species of fish. Fish sausage can be made of fish flesh that has little elasticity. Fish sausage can be made of red-fleshed fish because the material is dyed during processing, and the rich taste of the red-fleshed fish meats is appropriate. Raw materials for fish ham are meat from big red-fleshed fishes, but it is not suitable as “binding meat,” because red-fleshed fish meat is generally weak in elasticity after processing. Many kinds of fishes are now used as raw materials for fish sausage, for example, tuna, marlin, skipjack and bonito, salmon, and whale. The chapter also discusses the treatment and processing of raw materials in manufacture of fish sausage. Fish sausage and ham are generally processed at comparatively low temperatures, because processing at above 100°C damages the elasticity of the ground fish meat and melts the added pork fat. Processing at such a low temperature may permit thermotolerant bacteria and spore-forming bacteria to survive. The chapter provides results of the relation between temperature and bacteria survival in fish sausage meat not treated with preservative. As a result of these findings, some preservatives such as nitrofuraxone, nitrofurylacryl amide, or sodium sorbate, which slow or halt the growth of the bacteria, are added homogeneously during processing fish sausage and ham meat. In the concluding part of the chapter the types of putrefaction observed in fish sausage and ham and effects of preservatives on sterilization have been discussed.
__label__0, The interaction between scientific and technological knowledge facilitates exploration of new technological opportunities; however, gaps between them typically impede exploration of these opportunities. Scientific papers and technological patents record modern and advanced knowledge in scientific discovery and technological development; therefore, comparing their statuses can identify the gaps and explore potential technological opportunities. Because microalgal biofuels are a promising alternative energy resource devoid of territorial land use problems, this study applies text mining and an algorithm that can cluster objects of high-dimensional data to microalgal biofuel papers and patents, and explores their potential technological opportunities. The results demonstrate that a text-based clustering approach is appropriate for identifying scientific and technological applications for microalgal biofuels. The results indicate that microalgal photosynthesis and light utilization have abundant scientific outcomes for technological engineers to potentially apply. Technological opportunities exist in synthesis, harvesting, extraction, and lipid conversion. Scientific knowledge underlying biofuels accompanying high-value co-products of production require sustained exploration and reporting through research. These needs represent potential technological opportunities.
__label__0, This paper describes the development of a new type hybrid photovoltaic/thermal (PVT) solar collector. The test setup of the photovoltaic/thermal performance of the PVT solar collector filled with graphite was established to compare the conventional PV module and the PVT solar collector filled with graphite. The output power, backplane temperature, the inlet temperature, the outlet temperature and the tank temperature were tested in this study. The photovoltaic/thermal performance of the PVT solar collector filled with graphite was evaluated by the thermal efficiency, electrical efficiency and primary energy saving efficiency. The results show that the electrical efficiency of the PVT collector can be enhanced by cooling down to the backplane temperature. Lower inlet temperatures result in higher thermal efficiency. The inlet temperature increased with increased tank temperature. As the inlet temperature increased to some point, the outlet temperature gradually stabilized. The mean value of electrical efficiency of a PVT collector filled with graphite and conventional PV module were 6.46% and 5.15% between 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. The highest electrical efficiency of a PVT collector filled with graphite was 7.2%. The highest Primary Energy Saving efficiency of PVT collector filled with graphite was 48% at 10:35.
__label__0, Early geologic studies in the Philippines have habitually consigned all old looking rocks to the Cretaceous-Paleogene (KPg). However, the definite presence of Cretaceous units in the Philippines has only been confirmed recently by fossil and isotopic studies. Philippine Cretaceous rocks are exposed in the form of metamorphic basement rocks, crust-mantle sequences, magmatic/volcanic arcs and their associated sedimentary carapaces. Only selected areas with confirmed Cretaceous-dated formations are included in this paper, which occur in Palawan, southern Sierra Madre, Catanduanes, Cebu, Bohol, and Davao Oriental. For comparative purposes, some previously reported Cretaceous to Early Tertiary sequencesare included in this study. The Cretaceous complexes are generally capped by deep-water pelagic radiolarian cherts and limestones, which, in turn, are overlain unconformably by Early Tertiary rocks mostly Eocene in age. The change from Early to Late Cretaceous is from a relatively open and deep marine environment to shallow and landmass confined areas as evidenced by the presence of radiolarian cherts, pelagic foraminifers, and nannofossils to the appearance of Orbitolina spp., ammonites, rudists, palynomorph, and the occurrence of volcaniclastic rocks. The fossil assemblages further suggest a possible tropical environment all throughout the Cretaceous in the region. A vailable field data in terms of structure and geochemistry suggest that tectonic controls were dominant in effecting changes in the geologic setting during the Cretaceous in several areas in the Philippines.
__label__0, PI(4,5)P2 participates directly in priming and possibly in fusion steps of Ca2 +
__label__0, Au-delà de ses rôles biologiques classiques sur la santé osseuse, les effets extrasquelettiques de la vitamine D font actuellement l’objet de nombreuses recherches. La présence du récepteur de la vitamine D dans la plupart des tissus de l’organisme vient d’ailleurs renforcer l’argument en faveur de ses fonctions multiples. Parmi celles-ci, l’effet de la vitamine D sur la masse et les performances musculaires a été longtemps pressenti. En effet, dans la Grèce Antique, Hérodote recommandait le soleil comme un remède pour les « muscles faibles et mous », et les anciens Olympiens recevaient l’ordre de se coucher exposés aux rayons du soleil pour améliorer leurs performances physiques. En 1952, Spellerberg, un physiologiste du sport, a réalisé une vaste étude portant sur les effets de l’irradiation UV sur les performances d’athlètes de haut niveau. Suite aux résultats positifs de cette investigation, ce scientifique dû informer le Comité olympique que l’irradiation UV présentait un effet « convaincant » sur la performance physique et les capacités motrices. Ces données sont conformes à de nombreuses études postérieures signalant une amélioration des aptitudes physiques, de la vitesse et de l’endurance chez des sujets jeunes traités par des UV ou par des suppléments contenant de la vitamine D. Des observations complémentaires font état d’un effet significatif sur la force musculaire, en particulier au niveau des membres inférieurs. Concernant les mécanismes mis en jeu, certaines études fondamentales récentes ont montré que la vitamine D exerce des effets moléculaires au sein de la cellule musculaire. Précisément, une action régulatrice de la vitamine D sur les flux de calcium, l’homéostasie minérale et certaines voies de signalisation contrôlant l’anabolisme protéique a été rapportée au niveau du tissu musculaire. Plusieurs enquêtes épidémiologiques révèlent qu’un faible statut en vitamine D est toujours associé à une diminution de la masse, de la force et des capacités contractiles musculaires chez la personne âgée. Cette atteinte aboutit à une accélération de la perte musculaire avec l’âge (sarcopénie), et par conséquent à une réduction des capacités physiques et à une augmentation du risque de chute et de fracture. À l’inverse, un apport supplémentaire de vitamine D chez le sujet âgé améliore significativement les paramètres fonctionnels musculaires classiquement recherchés.
__label__0, A review is given of the application of contemporary UHV surface science techniques to the study of the surface chemistry of tin(IV) oxide, SnO2. Topics of particular interest include the nature of electronic states associated with oxygen vacancies at SnO2 surfaces; changes in electronic structure that may be brought about by doping (especially with Sb); and the relationship between bulk doping levels and surface dopant concentration. Interest focusses ultimately on our recent attempts to produce n-type doping of SnO2 thin films in the near surface region by implantation of ions including Sb, Bi and Nb and on the conductivity of single crystal surfaces.
__label__0, In principle, protein antigen X, contained in a mixture of many other proteins, will bind selectively to insolubilized anti-X immunoglobulin (IgG). The other proteins for which the antibody has no affinity can be washed away and discarded. Thereafter, protein X is eluted from the adsorbent under conditions that disrupt the immune complex. The procedure has become widely applicable, having been developed for the purification of a variety of enzymes and other proteins. To establish such a procedure for the purification of hypothetical protein, X, the primary required reagent is specific anti-X antibody, covalently bound to an insoluble matrix. In addition, one must establish chromatographic conditions that permit only specific binding of protein X to a column of the immunoadsorbent. Thus, a similar column containing covalently linked nonimmune IgG should bind little or no protein X. Moreover, under ideal conditions, X will be the only macromolecule binding to the specific immunoadsorbent. Because of strong antigen binding, elution conditions which, of necessity, may not be as gentle as in ionic adsorption chromatography, and must be both sufficiently drastic to remove the protein completely and sufficiently gentle to permit its isolation in biologically active form.
__label__0, With a well control on the synthetic condition, gold nanoparticles@mesoporous silica of high surface area, large pore size and high Au nanoparticles content was conveniently prepared by using the nature polymer gelatin with lots amide groups (-CO-NH2) as organic template of mesoporous silica and protecting agent for Au nanoparticles. In addition, Ag and Ag-Au alloy nanoparticles@mesoporous silicas were synthesized by this method as well. The metal nanoparticles@mesoporous silica, where the nanoparticles are accessible to the environment, can be used as superior catalyst toward CO oxidation reaction, especially at high temperature.
__label__0, The goal in the heat treatment or thermomechanical processing of steel is to improve the mechanical properties. For structural steel applications the general aim is to refine the ferrite grain size as this is the only method that improves both the strength and toughness simultaneously. For conventional hot rolling and accelerated cooling processes, it is difficult to refine the grain size below 5 μm without extensive alloying. However, it has been found that inducing transformation during deformation (i.e. dynamic transformation) can lead to grain sizes of the order of 1 μm, even in very simple steel compositions. The exact mechanism(s) for this transformation process are still being debated, and this has also been complicated by recent studies where such grain sizes can be obtained by static transformation from austenite that has been heavily deformed at low temperatures prior to the transformation. This chapter reviews the various major studies related in particular to dynamic transformation and considers the contributions from the deformed austenite structure developed prior to the transformation and the potential for dynamic recrystallisation of the ferrite. A key factor is proposed to be the early three-dimensional impingement of the ferrite which also provides an insight into cases where ultrafine grains are achieved statically.
__label__0, On the basis of the results obtained in previous research, three series of compounds (A−C), derived from verapamil, were designed and synthesized to obtain drugs able to revert multidrug resistance (MDR), an acquired resistance that frequently impairs cancer chemotherapy. The ability of the obtained compounds to revert MDR was evaluated on anthracycline-resistant erythroleukemia K 562 cells, measuring the uptake of THP-adriamycin (pirarubicin) by continuous spectrofluorometric monitoring of the decrease of the fluorescence signal of the anthracycline at 590 nm (λex = 480 nm), after incubation with cells. Cardiovascular activity, which is responsible for unwanted side effects, was also evaluated. The results obtained show that many of the compounds studied are potent reverters of MDR and are endowed with reduced cardiovascular activity. One of the compounds (7, MM36) presents a pharmacological profile (unprecedented nanomolar potency, high reversal of MDR, low cardiovascular activity) that makes it a promising drug candidate to treat MDR and a useful tool for studying P-glycoprotein.
__label__0, Buccal delivery of fluorescein isothiocyanate labeled dextran 4400 (FD4) was investigated in-vivo in pigs. The delivery device consisted of an application chamber with a solution of FD4 and was adhered to the buccal mucosa for 4 h using an adhesive patch. A randomized crossover study including intravenous administration and buccal delivery without and with 10 mM sodium glycodeoxycholate (GDC) as absorption enhancer was performed in five pigs. After buccal administration, steady state plasma levels were rapidly reached. Coadministration of 10 mM GDC increased the absolute bioavailability of FD4 from 1.8 ± 0.5% to 12.7 ± 2.0%. Since FD4 is a macromolecular and hydrophilic compound such as peptide and protein drugs, buccal delivery would provide an adequate alternative to the parenteral administration of these drugs.
__label__0, A physiologically based multicompartmental model has been developed to describe the concentration–time course of cocaine in plasma and tissues in the rat. The compartments included in the model were brain, heart, gut, liver, muscle, fat, venous blood, arterial blood, and a mass-balance compartment. Drug delivery to the tissues was assumed to be flow limited. The model incorporated a nonsaturable binding site for cocaine in the liver. Elimination occurred via both blood and hepatic elimination. The model was validated using independently derived data. The model was scaled to humans and accurately predicted the cocaine levels following intranasal and inhalation administration. However, a poor fit was observed following intravenous administration. Future models incorporating non-constant blood flow and pharmacodynamics need to be developed.
__label__0, The purpose of this investigation was to explore, by computer simulation, the utility of two different clinical trial designs with sparse sampling (three concentration–effect measurements per subject) for population pharmacodynamic studies when the targeted drug concentration or effect measurements are determined by application of optimal sampling theory based on the results of a preceding, data-intensive pilot study. The two design paradigms were concentration-controlled and pharmacologic effect-controlled randomized clinical trials, respectively. The drug concentration–pharmacologic effect relationship was assumed to be describable by the Hill (sigmoid Emax) equation without hysteresis. Intersubject variability was represented by coefficients of variation of 30, 40, and 30% for Emax, EC50, and γ, respectively. Random controller imprecision and measurement errors were included. Concentration and effect data for 100 subjects were generated by Monte Carlo simulation (ADAPT II), and pharmacodynamic parameter values were obtained by iterative two-stage analysis. These were then used to predict effect intensities over a range of drug concentrations, and the results were compared with those obtained by use of the true parameter values. Concentration- and effect-controlled trial designs were simulated in two forms: unconstrained and constrained with respect to the highest allowed targeted drug concentration or effect intensity. It was found that both types of unconstrained trials yielded good and comparable parameter estimates whereas the constrained trials (which are clinically more realistic) yielded more biased and imprecise estimates of individual pharmacody-namic parameters. Nevertheless, use of the latter to determine the effect intensities produced by different drug concentrations yielded good estimates but only in the range covered by the targeted concentration or effect measurements. For concentration-controlled trials it appears essential that the individuals in the pilot group and the clinical study group be drawn from the same population. Effect-controlled trials gave good results even when the pilot group was not representative of the population (e.g., for an aberrant subpopulation).
__label__0, A statistically designed experiment has been undertaken to evaluate an experimental grade of microcrystalline cellulose (Avicel 955) as a technology to aid the production of pellets by extrusion spheronization of formulations with high drug load. An attempt has been made to relate the properties of the drugs to the ability to produce spherical pellets which have a narrow size distribution and are round, as assessed by a 2-dimensional shape factor by the process of extrusion/spheronization. Twenty drugs were tested at a level of 80%, and in all cases pellets could be produced. In some cases in terms of either size distribution or shape they were not of the highest quality. Nevertheless, a best level of water was identified for each drug. Principal component analysis did allow structuring of the data characterizing the process and the pellets, identifying a relationship between the water content and the steady state extrusion force as one component with the median pellet size and its interquartile range as the other. When multivariate analysis was used with the whole data set, it was not possible to relate the drug properties of pKa, freezing point depression, or solubility to the water content, steady state extrusion force, median pellet diameter, its interquartile range, and its shape satisfactorily. Thus other properties of the drug must be involved in the extrusion/spheronization process. Prediction of the best water content to use in a formulation was possible for 50% of the formulations by using a nonlinear model to relate the above drug properties to the water content.
__label__0, Artemisinin and its derivatives are becoming interesting alternatives to the commonly used antimalarial drugs because they are efficient in treating severe and multidrug resistant forms of Plasmodium falciparum malaria. A major drawback is the occurrence of recrudescence some time after treatment. Moderate oral bioavailability has been suggested as a possible cause. As one of the factors that might limit absorption after oral administration, we studied the intestinal permeability using an in vitro system of the intestinal mucosa, Caco-2. Concentrations of artemisinin were determined by UV after alkaline degradation, while for sodium artesunate, a capillary electrophoresis method was developed. Artemisinin easily crossed the epithelial cells by passive diffusion (Papp = 30.4 ± 1.7 × 10−6 cm s−1, pH 7.4). Permeability of the hemisuccinate analogue, sodium artesunate, was 8-fold lower (Papp = 4.0 ± 0.4 × 10−1 cm s−1 at pH 7.4) and strongle dependent on pH, which might result in site dependent resorption in an in vivo situation. Enzyme catalyzed ester hydrolysis of sodium artesunate in Caco-2 monolayer to the biologically active metabolite, dihrdroatremisinin, was moderate. The results indicate overall absorption process after oral administration of artemisinin of sodium artesunate. Solubility, Dissolution rate, stabilit, and first-pass metabolism are suggested as alternative limiting factors.
__label__0, A high-performance liquid chromatographic assay was developed and validated for a simultaneous determination of 2′-fluoro-2′,3′-dideoxyadenosine (FddA) and its metabolite, 2′-fluoro-2′,3′-dideoxy-inosine (FddI) in dog plasma and urine. In vitro, FddA and FddI exhibit activity against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). A solid phase extraction was applied to extract FddA, FddI, and the internal standard (IS; 3′,5′-anhydrothymidine) from the biomatrices. The processed samples were chromatographed using a C8 column coupled with a mobile phase consisting of monobasic phosphate, dibasic phosphate, ethylene glycol monomethyl ether, and water. Detection was performed at 257 nm. The nominal retention times were 9, 14, and 26 min for FddI, IS, and FddA, respectively. The lower limits of quantitation were 0.1 and 2.0 µg/mL in plasma and urine, respectively, for both analytes. The accuracy of the assay deviated ≤10% from the nominal concentrations, and the precision was ≤14% coefficient of variation. In either matrix, both analytes were stable for at least three freeze–thaw cycles and in the injection media for at least 54 h. The extraction recoveries of the analytes were greater than 80%. The application of this assay was demonstrated in a preliminary pharmacokinetic study of FddA and FddI in dogs. Two male dogs per dose level received a 100, 250, or 500 mg/kg oral dose of FddA once daily for 14 days. The early appearance of FddI in plasma (0.25 h; the first sampling time) and greater plasma levels of FddI than FddA (>50-fold of Cmax), suggested that the conversion of FddA to FddI was rapid and extensive. Renal excretion appeared to be the major route of elimination of FddI.
__label__0, Topical products containing erythromycin, a macrolide antibiotic with poor aqueous solubility, are usually formulated as high alcohol content solutions or gels. In this study, we evaluated the deposition of erythromycin base into various strata of hairless mouse skin following topical in vivo application from various low- and nonalcoholic formulations. The formulations tested included a nonionic liposomal formulation composed of glyceryl dilaurate, cholesterol, and polyoxyeth-ylene-10-stearyl ether at a weight ratio of 57:15:28, two nonionic oil-in-water (o/w) liposomal emulsions containing isopropyl myristate or light mineral oil as the oil phase, a conventional o/w emulsion, a 40% hydroalcoholic solution, and two commercially available topical products. Eight hours after topical administration of these formulations, the efficiency of uptake of erythromycin into the living skin strata was in the order: liposomal isopropyl myristate emulsion ≫ liposomal mineral oil emulsion ≫ nonionic liposomes ∼ Emgel ∼ Theramycin-Z ≫ conventional emulsion ≫ hydroalcoholic solution. Alcohol-free liposomal systems are shown to be as efficient as high alcohol content products in facilitating permeation of erythromycin through the stratum corneum into living skin tissue.
__label__0, 5-(Phenylethyl)-2′-deoxyuridine has been incorporated into an oligodeoxynucleotide (ODN) by using normal cyanoethyl phosphora-midite chemistry on a DNA synthesizer. For introduction of the modified residue at the 3′-end position of the ODN, we designed and synthesized a new nucleoside phosphoramidite derivative, which connected the 3′-hydroxyl group and phosphoramidite moiety by an alkaline-labile linker. The 3′-end could be substituted in ODNs by using commercially available supports as a starting material following standard NH4OH treatment. The ODN carrying 5-(phenylethyl)-2′-deoxyuridine at the 3′-end position showed about 3-fold resistance to nucleolytic degradation in human plasma without precluding its specific base-pairing activity.
__label__0, The influence of partial hepatectomy on the pharmacokinetics of theophylline was determined in rats. The pharmacokinetics of intravenous theophylline was studied in unhepatectomized rats (control group: CG) and in hepatectomized rats (HG) 12 h after 70% hepatectomy. Liver function was monitored in both groups by measurements of total and direct bilirubin, transaminases GOT and GPT, and plasma protein. Seventy per cent hepatectomy caused significant liver dysfunction: transaminase levels (GOT and GPT) increased by 118 and 683%, respectively, and the total and direct bilirubin levels increased by 28.6 and 9.1%, respectively. At the same time, plasma concentrations of theophylline decreased significantly and half-life increased from 4.16 ± 0.57 h (CG) to 7.08 ± 0.69 h (HG), as did the distribution volumes values of central (Vc) and peripheral (Vp) compartments (Vc: CG, 0.18 ± 0.03 L; HG, 0.24 ± 0.03 L) (Vp: CG, 0.08 ± 0.05 L; HG, 0.13 ± 0.05 L). The percentage of theophylline binding to plasma proteins decreased from 44.3% in CG to 33.8% in HG. The theophylline intrinsic clearance (CLint) dropped from 1.35 ± 0.43 mL/min (CG) to 0.93 ± 0.10 mL/min (HG), which can be attributed to a significant fall in the quantity of hepatic microsomal enzymes. These modifications on the pharmacokinetics of drugs with low hepatic extraction coefficients, such as theophylline, should be considered when dosage regimens during the posthepatectomy hepatic regeneration period are planned.
__label__0, The sonophoretic transport rates of monomeric insulin and vasopressin across human skin in vitro in the presence of a 20 kHz ultrasound field are shown to differ substantially depending on whether molecules enter the skin from a saline solution or from a viscous ultrasonic coupling medium (specifically, a methyl cellulose hydrogel or viscous sol). Theoretically, the reduction in sonophoretic transport caused by the hydrogels can be explained by boundary layers that form within the hydrogel owing to the relatively rapid rate of molecular transport across the (ultrasonically) permeated stratum corneum as well as poor diffusive mass transfer between the skin and gel. The results of in vitro experiments performed with an ac current accompanying the ultrasound show that the mass-transfer barrier posed by the hydrogel can be eliminated for both vasopressin and insulin by suppressing the diffusive boundary layers, indicating that relatively high rates of sonophoretic molecular transport across human skin are achievable when hydrogels are used as the ultrasound coupling medium as long as a method is used to induce molecular mixing within the gel.
__label__0, We have demonstrated that a mixture of wheat bran (35 g l-1), as a main substrate, and palm seed powder (10 g l-1), as a co-substrate, is appropriate for β-mannanase production by Bacillus subtilis. A 2n factorial experimental design was employed as a primary step for medium optimization. The enzyme activity titters obtained at the optimized growth condition were equivalent to about 319% of the β-mannanse activity and 114% of the specific activity levels reached by a galactomannan-based culture.
__label__0, A Q-curve is an elliptic curve, defined over a number field, that is isogenous to each of its Galois conjugates. Ribet showed that Serre's conjectures imply that such curves should be modular. Let E be an elliptic curve defined over a quadratic field such that E is 3-isogenous to its Galois conjugate. We give an algorithm for proving any such E is modular and give an explicit example involving a quotient of Jo (169). As a by-product, we obtain a pair of 19-isogenous elliptic curves, and relate this to the existence of a rational point of order 19 on J1 (13).
__label__0, Let X be an open subset of \(\mathbb{C}\) n and (f1, ...,fp): X → \(\mathbb{C}\) p be a holomorphic mapping. We prove that if (x0,0, λ0) ∈ T* × \(\mathbb{C}\) p does not belong to the characteristic variety of the \(\mathcal{D}\) X [λ]-module \(\mathcal{D}\) X[λ]fλ, then there exists a conic neighborhood V × Γ of (x0, λ0) such the function \((\lambda_{\text{1}} , \ldots ,\lambda_p) \mapsto \int {\left| {f_1} \right|} ^{\lambda_{\text{1}}}\ldots \left| {f_1} \right|^{\lambda p} \omega \) is rapidely decreasing in | Im λ | for λ ∈ Γ with Re λ bounded, for any (n,n)-form ω of class C∞ with compact support in V. The following partial converse of this result is also established: if \(s \mapsto \int {_{f = s}} {\text{}}\varphi {\text{is of class}}C^\infty{\text{in}}\mathbb{C}^p \) for all (n,n)-forms ϕ of class C∞ with compact support in X, then \({\text{d}}f_1\wedge\cdots\wedge {\text{d}}f_p (x) \ne 0,\forall x \in X\).
__label__0, In this paper we study local indices of systems of p-adic linearly differential equations which arise from p-adic representations of the absolute Galois group of local field of characteristic p with finite monodromy. We show the induction formula of the local index of p-adic differential equations and prove the equality between the local index of differential equations and the Swan conductor of p-adic Galois representations by inductive methods.
__label__0, The floating filter technique was successfully adapted for the isolation of the dominant, chemolithoautotrophic, sulfide-oxidizing bacterium from a sulfur-producing reactor after conventional isolation techniques had failed. The inoculated polycarbonate filters, floating on mineral medium, were incubated under gaseous hydrogen sulfide at non-toxic levels. This technique gave 200-fold higher recoveries than conventional isolation techniques. Viable counts on the filters, making up 15% of the total count, appeared to be all of the same species. Chemostat cultures of the new isolate had a very high sulfur-forming capacity, converting almost all hydrogen sulfide in the medium to elemental sulfur under high sulfide loads (27.5 mmol l-1 h-1) and fully aerobic conditions. This behaviour closely resembled that of the microbial community in the sulfur-producing reactor. Moreover, similar protein patterns were obtained by electrophoresis of cell-free extracts from the isolate and the mixed culture. It has therefore been concluded that this isolate represents the dominant sulfide-oxidizing population in the reactor. The isolate has been shown to be a new Thiobacillus species, related to Thiobacillus neapolitanus. In view of the general confusion currently surrounding the taxonomy of the thiobacilli, a new species has not been formally created. Instead, the isolate has been given the working name Thiobacillus sp. W5.
__label__0, This paper studies the second pluri-genus of surface singularities. We give a formula for this invariant of a Gorenstein singularity, and several inequalities relating the invariant with the Milnor number, Tjurina number and the modality of a hypersurface singularity.
__label__0, Oleaginous micro-organisms (yeasts, moulds), in culture media having the carbon source as limited factor, degrade reserve lipids and produce new biomass, after the onset of carbon exhaustion from the medium. In this paper the process of lipid accumulation-degradation in oleaginous micro-organisms, growing on a vegatable oil was simulated. The model was integrated with 4 different methods and the parameters were optimised with the least squares method. It was found that the degradation of endocellular carbon pool is a very slow process characterised, however, by a good yield in fat-free biomass. Low values of the specific growth rates of the fat-free microbial mass, both from consumption of extra cellular and endocellular carbon pools, favourite the production of microbial lipid. The maximum of the specific rate of lipid accumulation is positively affected by the low values of the specific growth rate of the fat-free microbial mass from consumption of extra cellular carbon pool, but remained unaffected by the specific growth rate of the fat-free microbial mass from consumption of endocellular carbon pool. On the other hand, lipid production and specific rate of lipid accumulation are positively influenced by the high values of the specific rate of storage lipid formation. In conclusion, this numerical model can be used in the laboratory as pilot for planing further experimental work.
__label__0, Motivated by a result of Bost, we use the relationship between Faltings' heights of abelian varieties with complex multiplication and logarithmic derivatives of Artin L-functions at s=0 to investigate these heights. In particular, we prove that the height of an elliptic curve with complex multiplication by Q√-d is bounded from below by an effective affine function of log d.
__label__0, The effect of light-induced greening of microtubers on their storage behaviour was studied in 16 genotypes of potato. Greening improved the storage of microtubers in terms of shrinkage, biomass loss and sprout emergence. A significant genotype × treatment interaction for shrinkage was observed.
__label__0, We study a ramification theory for a division algebra D of the following type: The center of D is a complete discrete valuation field K with the imperfect residue field F of certain type, and the residue algebra of D is commutative and purely inseparable over F. Using Swan conductors of the corresponding element of Br(K), we define ψ-function of D/K, and it describe the action of the reduced norm map on the filtration of D-. We also gives a relation among the Swan conductors and the ‘ramification number’ of D, which is defined by the commutator group of D-.
__label__0, In this paper we study the trivial zero of the p-adic L function of the symmetric square of an elliptic curve and generalize a conjecture of Greenberg. For that, we use the new approach to p-adic L functions introduced in a previous work.
__label__0, Quantitative studies of metabolic fluxes during Saccharomyces cerevisiae sporulation on acetate in the presence of the glucose analog, 2-deoxy glucose (2dG) are reported. We have studied the inhibition of sporulation and associated catabolic or anabolic fluxes by 2dG. Sporulation frequencies decreased from 50% to 2% asci per cell at 2dG concentrations in the range of 0.03 to 0.30 g l>-1, respectively. Under the same conditions, the acetate consumption flux was inhibited up to 60% and the glyoxylate cycle and gluconeogenic fluxes decreased from 0.7 and 0.3 mmol h>-1 g>-1 dw, respectively, to negligible values. We observed a linear correlation of the acetate consumption rate with the sporulation frequency by varying the 2dG concentration. The linear correlation was also verified between the frequency of sporulation and the fluxes through glyoxylate cycle and gluconeogenic pathways. In addition, the same association of inhibition of sporulation and metabolic fluxes was found in other S. cerevisiae strains displaying different potentials of sporulation. The results presented suggest that inhibition of sporulation in the presence of the glucose analog may be attributed, at least in part, to the inhibition of anabolic fluxes and might be associated with catabolite repression.
__label__0, In this paper we construct examples of commutative rings of difference operators with matrix coefficients from representation theory of quantum groups, generalizing the results of our previous paper [ES] to the q-deformed case. A generalized Baker–Akhiezer function Ψ is realized as a matrix character of a Verma module and is a common eigenfunction for a commutative ring of difference operators. In particular, we obtain the following result in Macdonald theory: at integer values of the Macdonald parameter k, there exist difference operators commuting with Macdonald operators which are not polynomials of Macdonald operators. This result generalizes an analogous result of Chalyh and Veselov for the case q=1, to arbitrary q. As a by-product, we prove a generalized Weyl character formula for Macdonald polynomials (= Conjecture 8.2 from [FV]), the duality for the Ψ-function, and the existence of shift operators.
__label__0, Bacteria have evolved sophisticated P>i transport systems which combine high affinity with coupling to metabolic energy. This review discusses the current evidence concerning the physiological, biochemical, and molecular properties of these P>i transport systems in prokaryotes. Major developments of the past years will be presented with emphasis on three kinds of issues. First, work on P>i transport in Escherichia coli and the polyphosphate-accumulating Acinetobacter johnsonii has assigned a novel biochemical mechanism and provided additional descriptive information for the transport of P>i and divalent cations. It is therefore appropriate to summarize these new facts and emphasize their general relevance for pro- and eukaryotic cells. Second, recent work on the bioenergetics of P>i transport in A. johnsonii has demonstrated the profound role of the transmembrane P>i gradient in energy transducing processes such as the accumulation of solutes, and the generation of a proton motive force. These findings and their significance for the survival of the cell during metabolic stress conditions will be discussed. Finally, polyphosphate-accumulating microorganisms play a valuable role in biotechnological applications, such as in wastewater treatment. As such organisms are still underrepresented in current molecular microbiological studies, the investigations in A. johnsonii described here may serve as a useful precedent for those to come.
__label__0, Forty Aspergillus japonicus and A. aculeatus strains, most of them wild-type isolates, were examined using various molecular and phenotypic techniques. The rDNAs proved to be invariable (even strains of the species A. aculeatus exhibited the same restriction profile), while the strains could be classified into seven different mtDNA RFLP groups. Hybridisation data suggest that six of these mtDNA types have certain common restriction sites, while mtDNA type 7, which was exhibited by some A. aculeatus strains, probably has quite different mtDNA organisation and their size was smallest among the strains studied. The RAPD technique and isoenzyme analysis revealed some variabilities within these RFLP groups and strain specific features could also be recognised. Carbon source assimilation spectra were found to be very distinctive for strains of A. japonicus, A. aculeatus and A. niger, providing a useful tool for pre-characterising new wild-type isolates of black Aspergilli. Only a limited correlation was observed between the dendrograms based on genotypic and phenotypic characters.
__label__0, In this paper, we develop a method of localization in equivariant cohomology based on the notion of partition of unity cohomology. We apply this method in two cases. In the first case, this method gives a refinement of the localization of Atiyah–Bott and Berline–Vergne (in the frame given by Bismut). After, we consider the Hamiltonian action of a torus, and we realise, following the idea of Witten, the localization on the critical points of the square of the moment map.
__label__0, The content of cytokinins especially zeatin nucleotide decreased in shoots as a result of temperature increase. Simultaneously the cytokinins accumulated in roots. The changes in cytokinins distribution were followed by a decline of evapotranspiration after its initial temperature-induced uprising.
__label__0, The entrance region turbulent flow between parallel planes has been investigated numerically. Variation of fluid properties with temperature has been considered. Monte Carlo simulation has been used with a narrow band non-gray model to investigate radiative transfer. The effects of radiative transfer and variable properties have been separately and systematically considered. Representative results are included for carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide. For the conditions considered, the results show that the variable properties exert a stronger influence compared to radiative transfer alone.
__label__0, The shape of long, trailing cavities behind three-dimensional headforms is discussed. The case of a flat elliptic wing is specifically treated. Three distinct shape regimes are found: quasi-planar, long-flat, spheroidal. These appear in successively higher speed ranges (lower cavitation numbers, σ). It is argued that the cavities may be replaced by surrogates in the form of slender ellipsoids. The pressures on these are almost constant and correspond to a cavitation number equal to twice their longitudinal added mass coefficient, k1. A heuristic theory based on kinetic energy fields is given, relating k1 to the product of headform drag and cavity length. This theory correlates with an exact theory in the same form given by Garabedian for axi-symmetric cones and also with its extension to planar flows. Results are given here for the shape of the cavity behind an elliptic wing of any aspect ratio, given drag, and cavitation number. Specific formulae are given in the form, σ = f (CD/AR), for the transition between the quasi-planar and long-flat regime, and the long-flat and spheroidal regime.
__label__0, This paper is concerned with representations of split orthogonal and quasi-split unitary groups over a nonarchimedean local field which are not generic, but which support a unique model of a different kind, the generalized Bessel model. The properties of the Bessel models under induction are studied, and an analogue of Rodier's theorem concerning the induction of Whittaker models is proved for Bessel models which are minimal in a suitable sense. The holomorphicity in the induction parameter of the Bessel functional is established. Local coefficients are defined for each irreducible supercuspidal representation which carries a Bessel functional and also for a certain component of each representation parabolically induced from such a supercuspidal. The local coefficients are related to the Plancherel measures, and their zeroes are shown to be among the poles of the standard intertwining operators.
__label__0, This contribution describes a combined experimental-numerical study of decaying quasi-2D turbulent flows on a rectangular domain with no-slip boundaries. While decaying, the flow is found to organise in a domain-filling pattern of counter-rotating cells.Advection of filaments of viscously generated wall vorticity into the interior results in a continuing perturbation of the cellular pattern. The time dependence thus introduced provides the essential mechanism for chaotic advection: passive tracers may move from one cell to a neighbouring one, all the way along the array.
__label__0, This paper addresses the fascinating long history of the classical two-dimensional biharmonic problem for a rectangular domain. Among various mathematical and engineering approaches, the method of superposition is effective for solving mechanical problems concerning creeping flow of viscous fluid set up in a rectangular cavity by tangential velocities applied along its walls, an equilibrium of an elastic rectangle, and bending of a clamped thin rectangular elastic plate by a normal load. The object of this paper is both to clarify some purely mathematical questions connected with the solution of the infinite systems of linear algebraic equations and to provide a considerable simplification of the numerical algorithm. The method is illustrated by several examples of steady Stokes flow in a square cavity.
__label__0, The properties of MHD turbulence in the electrically conducting fluids available in the laboratory (where the magnetic Reynolds number is significantly smaller than unity) may be summarised as follows:(1) The Alfven waves, even under their degenerated form at this scale, are responsible for a tendency to two-dimensionality. Eddies tend to become aligned with the applied magnetic field and inertia tends to restore isotropy. The competition between these mechanisms results in a spectral law t-2k-3.(2) When insulating walls, perpendicular to the magnetic field, are present and close enough to each other, two-dimensionality can be established with a good approximation within the large scales, and the predominant mechanism is the inverse energy cascade.(3) These columnar eddies are nevertheless submitted to a dissipation within the Hartmann boundary layers present at their ends, whose time scale is independent of the wave number. When this damping effect is negligible, ordinary 2D turbulence is observed with k-5/3 spectra. On the contrary when this (ohmic and viscous) damping is significant this 2D turbulence exhibits k-3 spectra.Besides these homogeneous (except within the Hartmann layers) conditions, for instance in shear flows such as mixing layers, almost nothing is known except that two-dimensionality may be well established. The first results of a recent experimental investigation (still in development) are presented. Some challenging questions are raised, such as the interpretation of a surprising difference between the transport of momentum and the transport of a scalar quantity (heat) across that layer. A video was shown during the oral presentation of this paper, illustrating the energy transfer toward the large scales and the weakness of the dissipation suffered by this 2D velocity field.
__label__0, Fourteen strains of white-rot basidiomycetes belonging to eight species of two genera (Inonotus and Pholiota) were tested for their ability to maintain the production of laccase, peroxidase and manganese-dependent peroxidase (enzymes involved in lignin biodegradation) after a short-time preservation in liquid nitrogen with different cryoprotectives (glycerol, dimethyl sulfoxide). No negative effect of cryopreservation or the used cryoprotective on production of the ligninolytic enzymes was found in the fungi tested.
__label__0, Let X be an arbitrary variety over a finite field k and p=char k,n∈ N. We will construct a complex of étale sheaves on X together with trace isomorphism from the highest étale cohomology group of this complex onto Z/pnZ such that for every constructible Z/pnZ-sheaf on X the Yoneda pairing is a nondegenerate pairing of finite groups. If X is smooth, this complex is the Gersten resolution of the logarithmic de Rham–Witt sheaf introduced by Gros and Suwa. The proof is based on the special case proven by Milne when the sheaf is constant and X is smooth, as well as on a purity theorem which in turn follows from a theorem about the cohomological dimension of Ci-fields due to Kato and Kuzumaki. If the existence of the Lichtenbaum complex is proven, the theorem will be the p-part of a general duality theorem for varieties over finite fields.
__label__0, Random amplified polymorphic DNAs (RAPD) analysis has been adapted to assess the degree of RAPD polymorphism within the genus Hordeum to determine if this approach can distinguish wild and cultivated species. Nineteen wild and seven cultivated accessions were evaluated using 4 random 10-mer primers. The potential of the RAPD assay was further increased by combining two primers in a single polymerase chain reaction (PCR). RAPD fragments generated by two pairs of arbitrary 10-mer primers discriminated six wild species and one cultivated species by banding profiles. The size of the amplified DNA fragments ranged from 150 to 2300 base pairs. 33 %percent of the fragments were common to both wild and cultivated species; 67% were specific to either wild or cultivated species. The average difference in fragments was less within the species than among the species. By comparing RAPD fingerprints of wild and cultivated barley, markers were identified among the set of amplified DNA fragments which could be used to distinguish wild and cultivated Hordeum species.
__label__0, Cytokinin-like effects of pure caffeine were tested in bioassays specific for this hormonal activity [radish cotyledon growth and chlorophyll (Chl) biosynthesis in cucumber cotyledon and tobacco cell suspension] and in cell elongation bioassays [elongation of segments from soybean internode and internode elongation in dwarf cultivars of guandu (Cajanus cajan) and mucuna (Mucuna deeringiana)]. 6-Benzyl-aminopurine and kinetin (KIN) were used for comparison with caffeine. Although weaker than those given by cytokinins, positive responses were observed in all specific bioassays and in elongation of soybean internodes. A remarkable synergistic effect between caffeine and KIN was observed for the synthesis of Chl in the tobacco cell suspension bioassay, in which different concentrations of the alkaloid were combined with a single concentration of KIN. The hormone-like effect of caffeine might be related to the resemblance between caffeine and adenine derivatives.
__label__0, This paper describes the novel ways in which the Orlando Project, based at the Universities of Alberta and Guelph, is using SGML to create an integrated electronic history of British women's writing in English. Unlike most other SGML-based humanities computing projects which are tagging existing texts, we are researching and writing new material, including biographies, items of historical significance, and many kinds of literary and historical interpretation, all of which incorporates sophisticated SGML encoding for content as well as structure. We have created three DTDs, for biographies, for writing-related activities and publications, and for social, political and other events. A major factor influencing the design of the DTDs was the requirement to be able to merge and restructure the entire text base in many ways in order to retrieve and index it and to reflect multiple views and interpretations. In addition a stable and well-documented system for tagging was deemed essential for a team which involves almost twenty people, including eight graduate students, in two locations.
__label__0, This paper discusses the contested role of images in electronic editions, and summarizes some of the chief arguments for their inclusion. I then argue that, to truly determine the importance of images to the function of electronic editions, we must understand the contribution the image makes to the form of textual knowledge provided by the edition. I suggest a distinction between editions which are primarily pedagogical in their aims, those which aim above all at scholarly authority, and those which attempt to provide textual information as high-quality data which can be analysed and processed. I conclude that the latter represents the most significant future trend in electronic editing.
__label__0, The mechanisms of saccharose and sorbitol transport in Prunus persica leaves were investigated in plasma membrane vesicles purified by aqueous 2-phase partitioning and equilibrated in pH 7.5 buffer containing K+. The imposition of an artificial proton motive force energized an active uptake of both saccharose and sorbitol. The maximum uptake rate of saccharose was 2.5 times higher than that of sorbitol. Saccharose and sorbitol uptake exhibited saturation kinetics suggesting they were carrier-mediated. Apparent Km for the saccharose and the sorbitol uptake were 0.36 and 0.67 mM, respectively. Active absorption of saccharose was completely inhibited by a non-permeant thiol reagent, PCMBS, contrary to sorbitol absorption. These results suggested that saccharose and sorbitol were transported at least by two different carriers.
__label__0, Secondary somatic embryogenesis and shoot organogenesis from primary somatic embryos of Papaver somniferum L. are described. The embryos became malformed, the root meristem expressed dividing activity without position-dependent cell differentiation, causing abnormal development or arrested growth of primary somatic embryos. The adventitious shoots regenerated from embryo hypocotyl, but secondary somatic embryos had an epidermal origin close to the root meristem. The regeneration occurred without hormonal treatment, indicating endogenous nature of triggering signals. These signals are probably related to the integrity loss of morphogenetic steps during development of primary somatic embryos, which appeared to induce an activation of cells competent to regeneration.
__label__0, The distribution of the stress-related anionic peroxidase in the course of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) seed germination was determined by tissue printing and immunoblotting. Of the three molecular forms of cucumber stress-related anionic peroxidase, the form PRX 1 was temporally accumulated in developing seedlings. Up to 6 d of germination PRX 1 was localized mainly in roots. As germination progressed, the immunoreactive PRX 1 signal was found in the transition zone between roots and stem, as well as in the lower epidermis of expanding cotyledons at the midrib.
__label__0, The physiological responses of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L. cv. Gilboa) to salinity (100 mM NaCl) and some inorganic nutrients (K+, Ca2+ and N as NO3-) were investigated. Salinity caused a substantial reduction in biomass, carbon assimilation rate, stomatal conductance, water use efficiency, leaf area, relative growth rate, NO3- content and nitrate reductase activity, whereas, transpiration rate was slightly affected. Inclusion of K+, Ca2+ and N as NO3- in plant nutrient medium in combination or alone brought about a marked stimulation in control plants and moderated the salinity caused reductions in NaCl treated plants. In addition, plants also exhibited differences in these parameters at two growth stages.
__label__0, Let K be a discrete valuation field with ring of integers O K .Letf : X ! Y be a finite morphism of curves over K. In this article, we study some possible relationships between the models over O K of X and of Y. Three such relationships are listed below. Consider a Galois cover f : X ! Y of degree prime to the characteristic of the residue field, with branch locus B. We show that if Y has semi-stable reduction over K,thenX achieves semi-stable reduction over some explicit tame extension of K.B/.WhenK is strictly henselian, we determine the minimal extension L=K with the property that X L has semi-stable reduction. Let f : X ! Y be a finite morphism, with g.Y/ > 2. We show that if X has a stable model X over O K ,thenY has a stable model Y over O K , and the morphism f extends to a morphism X ! Y. ! Y. Finally, given any finite morphism f : X ! Y, is it possible to choose suitable regular models X and Y of X and Y over O K such that f extends to a finite morphism X ! Y ?As wasshown by Abhyankar, the answer is negative in general. We present counterexamples in rather general situ-ations, with f a cyclic cover of any order > 4. On the other hand, we prove, without any hypotheses on the residual characteristic, that this extension problem has a positive solution when f is cyclic of order 2 or 3.
__label__0, The turbulence in the ocean and atmosphere is most of the time non-homogeneous in nature. These spatial changes could affect the structure of the turbulence. In this work a classification is proposed to determine the intermittency and mixing ability. The variation of the structure functions and the scaling exponent in decaying non-homogeneous turbulence produced by a grid and by a jet is measured with a sonic velocimeter SONTEK3-D. We use Extended Self Similarity (ESS) to obtain better estimates of the scaling exponents of the structure functions of order up to the 6th. We study the variation of the absolute scaling exponents ζp and relative scaling exponents ¯ζp as a function of distance from the source of turbulence. In most cases, the absolute scaling exponent ζ3 is shown to vary as function of the separation distance l. On the other hand the relative scaling exponents ¯ζp depend on the location of the flow and in most cases the deviations from the Kolmogorov 1941 scaling are related to the intermittency.
__label__0, Molecular markers were used to detect the influence of high concentrations of 2,4 dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) in the callusing media on DNA variations in regenerated rice plants. Restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP), random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based RFLP analysis were carried out on 12 somaclones of Oryza sativa L. cv. B-370. In vitro culture induced DNA variations were detected in the regenerated plants but the effect of high auxin concentration in the medium could not be revealed. In a second study, fingerprinting of 15 semi-dwarf, high yielding somaclones of B-370 was carried out using RAPD technique. Amplification using 20 random primers produced a total of 167 DNA bands out of which 97 bands were polymorphic. A total of 32 unique DNA bands were detected across all the somaclones and they could be grouped based on their similarity to B-370. RAPD analysis helped to reveal similarity or differences among the somaclones while fingerprinting using additional RAPD markers was not successful.
__label__0, The use of enzymes and whole cells in enantioselective biotransformation reactions is briefly reviewed. A Rhodococcus strain is shown to possess nitrile hydratase and amidase activity. The organism can be used for the enantioselective biotransformation of racemic α-amino amides to (S) α-amino acids with an enantiomeric excess (ee) of > 98%. Enantioselectivity is effectively time independent allowing easy quantitative conversion of racemic mixtures into enantiomerically pure α-amino amides and α-amino acids. The reaction is effective for a wide range of α- substituents. The pH-dependence of the reaction indicates that the α-amino amide is bound to the amidase enzyme in its neutral unprotonated form.
__label__0, In order to perform a technically adequate clinical electrophysiological procedure it is necessary to calibrate the stimulating and recording equipment. Published standards for the electroretinogram (ERG)[1], electro-oculogram (EOG)[2], visual evoked potential (VEP)[3], and guidelines for the Pattern ERG (PERG)[4] specify stimulus and recording parameters. Yet, most commercial instruments do not provide the means for calibration of these parameters. The goal of this document is to provide guidelines for proper calibration of stimulus and recording equipment. The need for such guidelines is clear on both clinical and scientific grounds. Stimulus and amplifier characteristics have substantial effects on the peak latency and amplitude measurements that are commonly used in clinical electrophysiology. Many review articles on clinical electrophysiology emphasize the need for establishing norms for each laboratory as a function of age and gender rather than relying on published norms. However, if stimulus and recording parameters are not calibrated periodically, then these norms may actually be misleading due to changes in stimulus or recording conditions induced by aging of equipment or inadvertent change in settings.This document is divided into two major sections. The first is concerned with calibration of the visual stimulus. It begins with background technical information on the physics of light and its measurement. This is followed by protocols for measurement of the luminous intensity of flash stimuli and the mean luminance, contrast, and visual angle of pattern stimuli. The second section is concerned with calibration of electrophysiologic recording systems. It begins with a description of the characteristics of bioelectrical signals and their measurement. This is followed by protocols for measurement of electrode impedance and amplifier calibration. Although this document was prepared as guidelines for clinical electrophysiological testing, it should be noted that the techniques described are more generally applicable to studies which are dependent upon accurate measurement of luminance or electrophysiological signals.
__label__0, Within the scope of a Retinal Fellowship of one year, we evaluated the anatomic and functional results of scleral buckling operations in primary rhegmatogenous retinal detachments. Eighty Consecutive non-selected patients with a primary retinal detachment were operated by one surgeon (Retinal Fellow-ELH). In 55 eyes an encircling band and radial buckle(s) were placed, the other 25 eyes were treated with a segmental buckle or a combination of both. In 62 eyes subretinal fluid was drained, and in 57 eyes air or SF-6 gas was injected. The anatomic success rate after one operation was 81% (65/80 eyes) and the final success rate was 99%. 38/65 (58%) of the eyes obtained a best corrected post-operative visual acuity of ≥ 0.4. The most important cause of re-detachment was Proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR; 11%). Pre-operative variables that yielded an unfavourable outcome in this study were: PVR, pseudophakic eye, larger breaks, more than one break, longer duration of the detachment, and 3 or more quadrants of detachment. Our anatomic success rate and risk factors are in agreement with findings described in the literature, yet we had a high rate of PVR and many patients with a low visual acuity (58% ≤ 0.3) pre-operatively.
__label__0, Contrast sensitivity function after cataract extraction and intraocular lens implantation has been mainly correlated to the type or the material of the intraocular lens. Our purpose was to identify other possible factors, like posterior capsule, to contrast sensitivity alterations after cataract surgery, comparing patients operated for cataract by techniques that mainly differed on the posterior capsule's integrity. The intraocular lens implanted was either a posterior or an anterior chamber one, always monofocal and made of PMMA. We measured contrast sensitivity function at four spatial frequencies in two groups of operated individuals (group A and B) and in one group of healthy control individuals. Each group consisted of 42 eyes. Group A comprised eyes with intact, clear posterior capsule and posterior chamber monofocal intraocular lens. Group B comprised eyes with ruptured or removed posterior capsule and anterior chamber monofocal intraocular lens. Control group comprised healthy control eyes. A pair matched design was used to compare contrast sensitivity values among the individuals of the three groups. No statistically significant differences in contrast sensitivity values were found when group B patients were compared to healthy controls (p>0.05). Patients of group A exhibited contrast sensitivity function impairment at intermediate and high spatial frequencies when compared to patients of group B (p <0.05) and to controls (p <0.01). It seems that intact posterior capsule provides inferior visual function, in spite of relatively good visual acuity and apparently satisfactory results.
__label__0, Genetic tumour tissues of Nicotiana glauca (Grah.) × N. langsdorffii (Weinm.), which grow on auxin and cytokinin-free medium, were incubated with [14C]-/[3H]-adenine or [3H]-hypoxanthine to investigate cytokinin biosynthesis. Adenine was supplied to tissues of two different ages (2- and 3.5-week-old) for 8, 24 or 30 h. The uptake was over 91.0 % (of "supplied radioactivity") by 2-week-old tissues as compared to around 50.0 % uptake by 3.5-week-old tissues. Incorporation into cytokinins could not be detected. While unmetabolized adenine accounted for only about 24.0 and 13.4 % of "extracted radioactivity" (following 8 and 30 h incubation, respectively) in 2-week-old tissues, relatively higher levels, i.e. 36.0 and 34.5 % (following 8 and 24 h incubation, respectively) were present in 3.5-week-old tissues. The metabolites formed were adenosine and its nucleotides (4.5 - 16.5 % and 37.4 - 60.2 % of the extracted radioactivity, respectively). Hypoxanthine was supplied to 3.5-week-old tissues for 8 and 24 h. While the uptake was low (<28.0 % of supplied radioactivity), the major proportion of extracted radioactivity was due to unmetabolized hypoxanthine (79.8 % and 85.9 % after 8 and 24 h incubation periods, respectively); the minor metabolites were inosine and adenosine (both <0.5 %) and their nucleotides (< 3.5 %). Radioactivity incorporation into cytokinins from hypoxanthine was not detected. Thus in the present investigations precursor incorporation from either adenine or hypoxanthine into cytokinins could not be demonstrated. It is possible that this may be due to slow rate of cytokinin turnover in these tissues.
__label__0, This paper report on some of the concrete outcomes of a larger research project on the study of syntactic change. In this part of the project, we are collecting and encoding historical texts and tagging them for syntactic analysis. We have so far produced a TEI-conformant version of an Old French text, La Vie de Saint Louis written by Jehan de Joinville around 1305, and we are in the process of adding syntactic tags to this text. Those syntactic tags are derived from the Penn-Helsinki coding scheme, which had been devised for the syntactic encoding of Middle English texts, and have been translated into TEI.Thus this paper addresses two issues: the development of a TEI encoding for the text, and the adaptation of the Penn-Helsinki syntactic coding scheme. While the first part of this work raises issues of a textual nature independently of the language of the text, and proposes concrete immediate solutions, the second part points to a more general extension of the PH tagset to other types of texts and to other languages.
__label__0, Individual yeast strains belonging to the Saccharomyces sensu stricto complex were isolated from Amarone wine produced in four cellars of the Valpolicella area (Italy) and characterized by conventional physiological tests and by RAPD-PCR and mtDNA restriction assays. Thirteen out of 20 strains were classified as Saccharomyces cerevisiae (ex S. cerevisiae p.r. cerevisiae and p.r. bayanus) and the remaining as Saccharomyces bayanus (ex S. cerevisiae p.r. uvarum). RAPD-PCR method proved to be a fast and reliable tool for identification of Saccharomyces sensu stricto strains and also gave intraspecific differentiation. Restriction analysis of mtDNA permitted to distinguish S. cerevisiae and S. bayanus species and to discern polymorphism among S. cerevisiae isolates. The assessment of the phenotypic diversity within the isolates by gas-chromatographic analysis of secondary fermentation products was explored. Small quantities of isobutanol were produced by most of the strains and higher amounts by some S. cerevisiae strains with phenotypes Gal- and Mel-; all S. bayanus strains produced low amounts of amilyc alcohols. From this study it appears that each winery owns particular strains, with different genetic and biochemical characteristics, selected by specific environmental pressures during the Amarone winemaking process carried out at low temperature in presence of high sugar content.
__label__0, We construct in all characteristics p7lt;2 a complete surface in the moduli space of smooth genus 6 curves. The surface is contained in the locus of curves with automorphisms.
__label__0, Let A′ be a complete characteristic (0,p) discrete valuation ring with absolute ramification degree e and a perfect residue field. We are interested in studying the category FF A' of finite flat commutative group schemes over A′ withp-power order. When e= 1, Fontaine formulated the purely ‘linear algebra’ notion of a finite Honda system over A′ and constructed an anti-equivalence of categories betweenineFF A'> and the category of finite Honda systems over A′ when p> 2. We generalize this theory to the case e≤ − 1.
__label__0, Genus-specific 16S rRNA targeted oligonucleotide probes, Rco1 and Rco2, were designed and used to detect rhodococci in activated sludge foam samples by confocal laser scanning microscopy. Pure cultures were used to find the optimal hybridisation conditions which were determined by comparing the mean fluorescent intensities of target and non-target cells from images captured using a confocal laser scanning microscope (CLSM). The combination of fluorescent in situ hybridisation with rRNA-targeted oligonucleotide probes and confocal laser scanning microscopy provides an effective way of detecting rhodococci in environmental samples.
__label__0, Dormant, bacterial endospores are the most resistant living structures known. The spore cell wall (cortex) maintains dormancy, core dehydration, and heat resistance. The cortex peptidoglycan has a unique, spore specific structure that enables it to fulfill its role. The cross-linking index of spore cortex peptidoglycan is very low, occurring at only 2.9% of the muramic acid residues compared to 33% in vegetative cells. The level of cross-linking of the cortex may be important in maintaining spore dormancy and heat resistance. Approximately 50% of the muramic acid residues in spore cortex are substituted with muramic δ-lactam. This modification is spore specific and is the major characteristic feature of the cortex. The muramic δ-lactam has no apparent role in establishing core dehydration, maintaining dormancy or heat resistance. However, the muramic δ-lactam residues are necessary for spore cortex hydrolysis during germination. They constitute part of the substrate recognition profile of the germination specific lytic enzymes (GSLEs) which are responsible for cortex hydrolysis.Germination results in loss of dormant spore properties and hydrolysis of the cortex is essential for later germination events and outgrowth. Application of muropeptide analysis to determine peptidoglycan structural dynamics during germination has revealed an unexpected degree of complexity in peptidoglycan hydrolysis. At least three hydrolytic activities, an N-acetyl glucosaminidase, a lytic transglycosylase and a possible amidase, are involved. A non-hydrolytic acitivity, likely to be an epimerase of muramic acid also occurs early during germination.The lytic transglycosylase generates anhydro-muropeptides which are released during germination and may be recycled during outgrowth to form part of the new vegetative cell wall.
__label__0, Exposure of coffee to low temperatures caused growth inhibition, changes in metabolic rates, and membrane alterations. Root tissue exposed to 10 °C evolved significantly lower rates of metabolic heat compared with controls grown at 25 °C, and the values were closely associated with the observed root growth inhibition. Electron paramagnetic resonance spectra of intact tissues showed that the spin probe 5-doxylstearic acid was capable to intercalate within the cellular membrane lipids. Indeed, at the depth of the 5th carbon atoms of the alkyl chains, the nitroxide radical detected more rigid membranes in seedlings exposed to 10 °C compared with 25 °C treated samples. Ascorbate peroxidase and catalase activities did not show appreciable changes under chilling conditions, while guaiacol peroxidase activity increased 55 % compared to the control. On the other hand, glutathione reductase activity decreased, in parallel to a significant decline in the capacity to reduce triphenyl-tetrazolium. Our results showed a marked correlation between lipid peroxidation and root tissue damage, which seemed to be associated with increased membrane rigidity.
__label__0, Gemma morphology, histology and ultrastructure before and after germination in vitro were studied in Drosera pygmaea. The histology of the gemma is similar to that of a seed, being characterized by an embryo-like structure and storage tissue, although no seed coat is formed. One embryo-like structure within the gemma, which gives origin to a new plant, expresses polar organisation with distinct meristematic regions. Storage tissue surrounding the embryo-like structure resembles endosperm and it is built of parenchyma cells possessing plastids with starch grains and dense material within vacuoles. The regeneration from the gemma may provide useful system to study plant morphogenesis under stress conditions including in vitro culture.
__label__0, Trehalose, a non-reducing disaccharide that accumulates in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, has been implicated in survival under various stress conditions by acting as membrane protectant, as a supplementary compatible solute or as a reserve carbohydrate which may be mobilized during stress. However, most of these studies have been done with strains isolated from European or Asian habitats of temperate climate. In this study, yeasts living in tropical environments, isolated from different microhabitats in Southeastern Brazil, were used to evaluate whether trehalose contributes to survival under osmotic, ethanol and heat stress. The survival under severe stress was compared to a well-characterized laboratorial wild-type strain (D273-10B). Most of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae strains isolated from Drosophila in Tropical Rain Forest were able to accumulate trehalose after a preconditioning treatment at 40 °C for 1 h. The amount of intracellular trehalose levels was better correlated with survival during a challenging heat shock at 50.5 °C for 8 min. Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Candida guilliermondii were observed to be thermotolerant as well as osmotolerant. No clear correlation between intracellular trehalose levels and survival could be derived during ethanol stress. In some cases, the amount of trehalose accumulated before the ethanol stress seemed to play an important role for the survival of these strains.
__label__0, Purpose: To describe the results of autologous limbal transplantation in the treatment of unilateral chemical burns. Patients and methods: Two patients, a 40-year-old male (case 1) and a 35-year-old male (case 2), experienced grade III chemical trauma and were treated with autologous limbal grafting (case 1) after a postaccident period of 3 and 9 months, respectively. Change in visual acuity, epithelial healing time and postsurgical topography healing patterns were documented. Results: Snellen visual acuity improved from 0.1 to 1.0 in both cases. Epithelial healing time for cases 1 and 2 were 4 and 2 weeks, respectively. Corneal topography of case 1 showed an induced inferior steepness type of asymmetrical astigmatism in the graft area. Serial topography showed no induced astigmatism in the donor eyes. Conclusion: Autologous limbal grafting is an adequate treatment for selected cases of unilateral chemical burns and facilitates rapid improvement in visual function. Early limbal grafting in case 1 resulted in rapid re-epithelialization and prevention of complications.
__label__0, We develop a localized intersection theory for arithmetic schemes on the model of Fulton's intersection theory. We prove a Lefschetz fixed point formula for arithmetic surfaces, and give an application to a conjecture of Serre on the existence of Artin's representations for regular local rings of dimension 2 and unequal characteristic.
__label__0, The greatest growth of wheat and rape plants in vitro was reached on media with 5 or 9 % sucrose, respectively. The highest efficiency for transfer of these plants to ex vitro conditions was found at the same sucrose concentrations. The content of endogenous non-structural saccharides (glucose, fructose, sucrose, starch and fructans) increased with increasing sucrose concentration in the medium up to 10 %.
__label__0, This article studies unipotent orbital integrals on symplectic and orthogonal groups from the point of view of endoscopy. It begins by partitioning stable unipotent classes into packets and goes on to propose a transfer of these packets. It then discusses (in rough form) the associated transfer factors. Some supporting calculations in split odd orthogonal groups are given.
__label__0, In vitro response of six tomato genotypes to different copper concentrations was studied. Cu was toxic to tomato explants at a relatively high concentration (100 µM), which reduced callus growth and shoot regeneration. Peto-86 followed by UC-97-3 were more tolerant to copper than the other genotypes. Cu (100 µM) induced the synthesis of eight new proteins (70.86 - 14.78 kD) in Peto-86 and six in Western Improve (46.43 - 14.78 kD) and UC-97-3 (77.69 - 14.78 kD). Cu-stress reduced the expression of some enzymatic bands of alcohol dehydrogenase and esterase, meanwhile, one peroxidase band at the locus Prx-1 was newly expressed under Cu-treatment.
__label__0, As is generally recognized, the community mental health movement has run into many serious obstacles which have caused it to fall short of original expectations. Lack of needed information on the part of policy makers, planners, administrators and workers is presented in this article as comprising much of the problem. Scientific understanding with regard to the nature of both “community” and “mental health” have been deficient and often substituted by idealistic myths based on wishful thinking. In the case of “community,” the problem has been an overall failure to generate appropriate research. In the matter of “mental health,” the research has been extensive but unbalanced, with serious neglect of important areas subsumed by the social and behavioral sciences. A perspective for dealing with these problems is outlined based on the total spectrum of efforts society makes in the mental health field from curing to health promotion. Two illustrations for utilizing this perspective are given. The first shows the integration of primary prevention with the rest of the effort spectrum, and the second shows the total effort spectrum united by the common target of reducing prevalence.
__label__0, Lactobacillus plantarum was grown in complex media containing glucose and yeast extract. The maximum growth yield based on yeast extract consumption was 0.5 g dwt g-1. Growth yield YATP 15–17 g dwt mol ATP-1 was almost constant in the glucose limited A-stat experiment whereas in the yeast extract limited culture it increased with dilution rate. The maximum specific growth rate observed, 0.5 h-1, was similar for both A-stat and batch cultures. Specific oxygen consumption, QO2, reached the value of 1.8 mmol O2 h-1 g dwt-1. It was shown that Val, Ile, Leu, Tyr and Phe, were consumed mainly as free amino acids, while Asp, Pro, Lys and Arg were derived from peptides. Significantly more Asp, Ser, Glu, Val, Ile, Leu and Phe were consumed than needed to build up cell protein whereas some Pro, Gly, Ala and Lys was synthesized. A network of metabolic reactions in L. plantarum was proposed on the basis of the experimental data.
__label__0, Mirror symmetry is one of those regularities for which the visual system seems to have developed a special sensitivity. It is detected robustly and efficiently in a single glance, suggesting that the basic processes do not perform a serial, pointwise comparison of structural elements but rather operate in parallel. Psychophysical evidence relating to the processing mechanisms will be reviewed. Although the focus will be on symmetry perception in normal vision, interesting findings on symmetry perception in observers with deficient vision (e.g., retinitis pigmentosa, visual hemineglect) will also be touched upon briefly.
__label__0, The complex time WKB (CWKB) approximation has been an effective technique to understand particle production in curved as well as in flat spacetime. Earlier we obtained the standard results on particle production in time-dependent gauge in various curved spacetime, using the method of CWKB. In the present work we generalize the technique of CWKB to the equivalent problems in space-dependent gauge. Using CWKB, we first obtain the gauge invariant result for particle production in Minkowski spacetime in a strong electric field. We then carry out particle production in de Sitter spacetime in space dependent gauge and obtain the same result that we obtained earlier in time dependent gauge. This ensures the gauge invariant description inherent in CWKB. The results obtained for de Sitter spacetime have an obvious extension to particle production in black hole spacetime. It is found that the origin of the Planckian spectrum is due to repeated reflections between the turning points. As mentioned in earlier work, it is now explicitly shown that particle production is accompanied by rotation of currents.
__label__0, The roles of gender and the sexual motives of Love, Pleasure, Conformity, Recognition, Dominance, and Submission in numerous usual and unusual sexual behaviors were investigated. In a survey of 191 college undergraduates it was found that Love, Pleasure, Conformity, and Recognition motives, often in interaction with gender, were all important predictors of sexual behavior. Gender was the best predictor of initiating usual sexual behavior, whereas the Love motive was the best predictor of actually engaging in usual sexual behavior. Pleasure and Recognition in interaction with gender were the best predictors of engaging in unusual sexual behavior. None of the sexual motives predicted initiating unusual sexual behavior. Findings suggest that a variety of sexual motives may underlie sexual behavior.
__label__0, We study the evolution of strings in the equatorial plane of a Kerr–Newman black hole. Writing the equations of motion and the constraints resulting from Hamilton's principle, three classes of exact solutions are presented, for a closed string, encircling the black hole. They all depend on two arbitrary integration functions and two constants. A process for extracting energy is examined for the case of one of the three families of solutions. This is the analogue of the Penrose process for the case of a particle.
__label__0, By resolving the Riemann curvature relative to a unit timelike vector into electric and magnetic parts, we consider duality relations analogous to those in electromagnetic theory. It turns out that the duality transformation implies the Einstein vacuum equation without the cosmological term. The vacuum equation is invariant under interchange of active and passive electric parts, giving rise to the same vacuum solutions but with the opposite sign for the gravitational constant. Further, by modifying the equation it is possible to construct interesting dual solutions to vacuum as well as to flat spacetimes.
__label__0, Differences between heterosexuals who have or have not engaged in anal intercourse were analyzed. Though anal intercourse is widely recognized as an activity that greatly increases the risks for HIV transmission, it has received little attention in heterosexual populations. A questionnaire was mailed to a random sample of university students, a population in which many people engage in vaginal intercourse with several partners each year. The three largest minorities were randomly oversampled in order that all four major ethnic/racial groups could be statistically evaluated for possible differences. Almost 23% of nonvirgin students had engaged in anal intercourse. Regression analysis indicated that people who had participated in anal intercourse were more likely than people without anal experience to have been younger at first vaginal intercourse, to be older when the data were collected, to have engaged in vaginal intercourse in the last three months before data collection, to be more erotophilic, to use less effective contraceptive methods, and to have used no condom at last coitus. Overall, people who engage in anal intercourse take more sexual risks when engaging in vaginal intercourse than do people without anal experience. No major ethnic/racial differences were detected. Sexologists have not explored anal sex in much detail, hence we have been weak in educating those 20 to 25% of young adults who are not reluctant or (inhibited about) exploring anal intercourse. As young adults use condoms less for anal than vaginal intercourse, they have not learned enough about the risk of anal sex.
__label__0, Creation of a comprehensive mental health telecommunications system to serve isolated persons in Georgia, resulting in a more equitable distribution of mental health resources, is the goal of the telepsychiatry program at the Medical College of Georgia. Although telepsychiatric consultation is not a new idea, the “distribution” of telepsychiatry through additional integrated telecommunications channels such as the World Wide Web is a distinctive approach. This report describes the history of the development of the MCG Telepsychiatry Program. Through the use of a multichanneled telecommunications system, a more equitable distribution of mental health resources is underway in Georgia.
__label__0, NEW TREATMENTS FOR CHEMICAL ADDICTIONS edited by Elinore F. McCance-Katz and Thomas R. Kosten. Washington DC: American Psychiatric Press. Review of Psychiatry Series. xix + 211 pp.
__label__0, Sex determination in the mammalian embryo begins with the activation of a gene on the Y chromosome which triggers a cascade of events that lead to male development. The mechanism by which this gene, designated SRY in humans and Sry in mice (sex determining region of the Y chromosome), is activated remains unknown. Likewise, the downstream target genes for Sry remain unidentified at present. C57BL mice carrying a Y chromosome from Mus musculus musculus or molossinus develop normally as males. In contrast, C57BL/6 mice with the Y chromosome from M. m. domesticus often show sex reversal, i.e., develop as XY females. It has been documented that C57BL mice with the Y chromosome from Poschiavinus (YPOS), a domesticus subtype, always develop as females or hermaphrodites. This suggests that a C57BL gene either up- or downstream of Sry is ineffective in interacting with Sry, which then compromises the processes that lead to normal male sex development. Nonetheless, by selective breeding, we have been able to generate a sex reversal-resistant C57BL/6-congenic strain of mice in which the XYPOS individuals consistently develop as normal males with bilateral testes. Because the resistance to sex reversal was transferred from strain 129S1/Sv (nonalbino) by simple selection over 13 backcross generations, it is inferred that a single autosomal gene or chromosomal region confers resistance to the sex reversal that would otherwise result. XYPOS normal males generated in these crosses were compared to XYPOS abnormal individuals and to C57BL/6 controls for sexual phenotype, gonadal weight, serum testosterone, and major urinary protein (MUP) level. A clear correlation was found among phenotypic sex, MUP level, and testis weight in the males and in the incompletely masculinized XYPOS mice. The fully masculinized males of the congenic strain resemble C57BL/6 males in the tested parameters. DNA analysis confirmed that these males, in fact, carry the YPOS Sry gene.
__label__0, We construct explicitly generators of projectable four-dimensional diffeomorphisms and triad rotation gauge symmetries in a model of vacuum gravity where the fundamental dynamical variables in a Palatini formulation are taken to be a lapse, shift, densitized triad, extrinsic curvature, and the time-like components of the Ricci rotation coefficient. Time-foliation-altering diffeomorphisms are not by themselves projectable under the Legendre transformations. They must be accompanied by a metric- and triad-dependent triad rotation. The phase space on which these generators act includes all of the gauge variables of the model.
__label__0, To understand the observational properties of cosmological models, in particular, the temperature of the cosmic microwave background radiation, it is necessary to study their null geodesics. Dynamical systems theory, in conjunction with the orthonormal frame approach, has proved to be an invaluable tool for analyzing spatially homogeneous cosmologies. It is thus natural to use such techniques to study the geodesics of these models. We therefore augment the Einstein field equations with the geodesic equations, all written in dimensionless form, obtaining an extended system of first-order ordinary differential equations that simultaneously describes the evolution of the gravitational field and the behavior of the associated geodesics. It is shown that the extended system is a powerful tool for investigating the effect of spacetime anisotropies on the temperature of the cosmic microwave background radiation, and that it can also be used for studying geodesic chaos.
__label__0, Using 't Hooft's brick wall model and Newman-Penrose's spinor analysis, the expression of the quantum entropy is derived in the Horowitz-Strominger black hole background. The calculations show us that the Fermionic entropy is 7/2 times the Bosonic entropy.
__label__0, Selective breeding has been employed to develop high-alcohol-drinking (HAD) and low-alcohol-drinking (LAD) rat lines from the heterogeneous N/Nih rat. Within-family selection and a rotational breeding design were used to discourage inbreeding (Li et al, 1993). To identify quantitative trait loci (QTLs) contributing to alcohol consumption, reciprocal HAD and LAD matings in conjunction with F1 intercrosses were used to create 459 F2 progeny. Using selective genotyping of 151 F2 progeny with extreme alcohol consumption scores and a novel least squares method developed by Haley et al (1994), five chromosomal regions (1,5,10,12, and 16) were identified with lod scores greater than 2.0. Genotyping of the entire sample of 459 F2 progeny produced maximum lod scores of 3.5 on chromosome 5, 2.4 on chromosome 10, 4.7 on chromosome 12 and 2.9 on chromosome 16. The evidence of linkage to chromosome 1 diminished substantially to a maximum lod score of 0.5 when all F2 progeny were genotyped. This study is the first genome-wide study for QTLs underlying alcohol consumption that has employed noninbred lines. Further localization of these QTLs will likely provide insight and candidate genes for the study of human alcoholism.
__label__0, The birth order of a contemporary North American sample of 97 gay men was quantified using Slater's Index. For the 84 probands with at least one sibling, the results showed a late mean birth order compared with the expected value of .50. Additional birth order indices derived from Slater's Index suggested that the mean later birth order was accounted for more strongly by the proband's number of older brothers than by his number of older sisters. The present findings constitute a replication of a series of recent studies and add to the growing body of evidence that birth order is a reliable correlate of sexual orientation in males.
__label__0, The existence of a Noether symmetry for a given minisuperspace cosmological model is a sort of selection rule to recover classical behaviours in cosmic evolution since oscillatory regimes for the wave function of the universe come out. The so-called Hartle criterion to select correlated regions in the configuration space of dynamical variables can be directly connected to the presence of a Noether symmetry and we show that such a statement works for generic extended theories of gravity in the framework of minisuperspace approximation. Examples and exact cosmological solutions are given for nonminimally coupled and higher-order theories.
__label__0, Examined the differences in the perception of control in 67 school-age children with externalizing and children with both externalizing and internalizing behavior problems. The results indicated that children with externalizing behavior and mixed behavior could be differentiated by their perception of control. Specifically, children with externalizing behavior endorsed a significantly stronger unknown locus of control than children in the mixed behavior group. Findings suggest that when behavior groups are clearly defined, neither external nor internal locus of control is the dominant style. Implications for the findings are discussed.
__label__0, Fitch and Markowitz' theory of concomitantly variable codons (covarions) in evolution predicted the existence of functional correlation in amino acid residue mutations among present-day cytochromes c. Mutational analysis was carried out on yeast iso-2-cytochrome c, where hydrophobic core residues I20, M64, L85, and M98 and surface residue L9 were mutated, in selected combinations, to those found in mammalian and bird cytochromes c. The functionality assay is based upon the ability of yeast cells to grow in YPGE medium. Furthermore, experiments on the single M64L and M98L mutations as well as the double M64L/M98L mutation using NMR showed that the effects of these mutations are to perturb the structural integrity of the protein. We identified functional correlation in two cases of a pair of residue mutations, the I20 → V and M98 → L pair and the L9 → I and L85 → I pair. In both cases, only one of the two alternative, putative evolutionary pathways leads to a functional protein and the corresponding pairs of residue mutations are among those found in present-day cytochromes c. Since valine is predicted to be at position 20 in the ancestral form of cytochrome c, the present data provide an explanation for the ancient requirement of leucine rather than methionine in position 98. The present data provide further evidence for the role of those specific atom–atom interactions in directing a pathway in the evolutionary changes of the amino acid sequence that have taken place in cytochrome c, in accordance with Fitch and Markowitz.
__label__0, A generic four-dimensional dilaton gravity is considered as a basis for reformulating the paradigmatic Oppenheimer–Synder model of a gravitationally collapsing star modelled as a perfect fluid or dust sphere. Initially, the vacuum Einstein scalar-tensor equations are modified to Einstein–Langevin equations which incorporate a noise or micro-turbulence source term arising from Planck scale conformal, dilaton fluctuations which induce metric fluctuations. Coupling the energy-momentum tensor for pressureless dust or fluid to the Einstein–Langevin equations, a modification of the Oppenheimer–Snyder dust collapse model is derived. The Einstein–Langevin field equations for the collapse are of the form of a Langevin equation for a non-linear Brownian motion of a particle in a homogeneous noise bath. The smooth worldlines of collapsing matter become increasingly randomised Brownian motions as the star collapses, since the backreaction coupling to the fluctuations is non-linear; the input assumptions of the Hawking–Penrose singularity theorems are then violated. The solution of the Einstein–Langevin collapse equation can be found and is non-singular with the singularity being smeared out on the correlation length scale of the fluctuations, which is of the order of the Planck length. The standard singular Oppenheimer–Synder model is recovered in the limit of zero dilaton fluctuations.
__label__0, We search for a real bosonic and fermionic action in four dimensions which both remain invariant under local Weyl transformations in the presence of contortion and non-metricity tensor. In the presence of the non-metricity tensor the investigation is extended to (W n, g) space-time while when the torsion is encountered we are restricted to the (U 4, g) space-time. Our results hold in general for the (Y 4, g) space-time and we also calculate extra contributions to the conformal gravity.
__label__0, We reported a 5-years old boy with frosted branch angiitis in both eyes. The visual acuities of the two eyes were suddenly lost to 5/50. The fluorescein angiography, electroretinograms (ERGs) and pattern evoked potentials (PVEPs) had been tested at the acute and the recovery stage of the disease. At the onset of the disease, fluorescein angiography showed obvious dye leakage from dilated retinal veins. The PVEPs and whole field ERGs including rod, maximum, OPs and cone responses were seriously decreased and prolonged, indicating that the visual pathway's and retinal functions were greatly damaged. The patient had an excellent response to systemic prednisone. One month after the treatment, the visual acuities recovered to 60/50 in both eyes. The fluorescein angiography showed that leakage from blood vessels was diminished, but the lesions at macula and optic disc were persisted a longer time even to the end of treatment. Through 6 months medication, nearly all of the electrophysiological abnormalities had been resolved.
__label__0, The study of the interactions between lactic acid bacteria and their bacteriophages has been a vibrant and rewarding research activity for a considerable number of years. In the more recent past, the application of molecular genetics for the analysis of phage-host relationships has contributed enormously to the unravelling of specific events which dictate insensitivity to bacteriophage infection and has revealed that while they are complex and intricate in nature, they are also extremely effective. In addition, the strategy has laid solid foundations for the construction of phage resistant strains for use in commercial applications and has provided a sound basis for continued investigations into existing, naturally-derived and novel, genetically-engineered defence systems. Of course, it has also become clear that phage particles are highly dynamic in their response to those defence systems which they do encounter and that they can readily adapt to them as a consequence of their genetic flexibility and plasticity. This paper reviews the exciting developments that have been described in the literature regarding the study of phage-host interactions in lactic acid bacteria and the innovative approaches that can be taken to exploit this basic information for curtailing phage infection.
__label__0, Let L be an ample line bundle on a Kähler manifolds of nonpositive sectional curvature with K as the canonical line bundle. We give an estimate of m such that K+mL is very ample in terms of the injectivity radius. This implies that m can be chosen arbitrarily small once we go deep enough into a tower of covering of the manifold. The same argument gives an effective Kodaira Embedding Theorem for compact Kähler manifolds in terms of sectional curvature and the injectivity radius. In case of locally Hermitian symmetric space of noncompact type or if the sectional curvature is strictly negative, we prove that K itself is very ample on a large covering of the manifold.
__label__0, The ability of microbial ecologists to analyse the composition of complex bacterial communities has been greatly enhanced by the application of molecular methodologies. The use of these techniques should enable an accurate record of the identity and population dynamics of the inhabitants of the intestinal tract to be obtained, and should promote an improved comprehension of the relationship between the microflora and the human host. This, in turn, will lead to a new concept of the intestinal microflora of humans.
__label__0, The author argues that in the current attitudinal climate, characterized by significant denigration of psychoanalysis coming from biologically oriented psychiatrists, academic psychologists, pharmaceutical firms, insurance companies, managed care organizations, anxious taxpayers, and revisionist critics of Freud, psychoanalysts need to adapt their training and supervisory practices to take into account the preconceptions of many of those seeking training as psychotherapists. Specifically, we need to appreciate the nature of the transferences toward analysts and analysis that exist in the wider mental health community and in the general public. These include assumptions that analysts are cold, arrogant, rigid, and worshipful toward Freud (who is himself seen as cold, arrogant, rigid, and narcissistic), and the prevalent misconception that psychoanalysis has been empirically discredited. Analysts need to find creative and honest ways, some of which are suggested by the author, to challenge the distortions in these stereotypes and to respond nondefensively and generatively to the grains of truth they contain. The essay concludes with some reminders of the legitimate strengths of the psychoanalytic tradition that suggest that its future is not as bleak as its disparagers have assumed.
__label__0, Some nondifferentiable quantities (for example, the metric signature) can be the independent physical degrees of freedom. It is supposed that in quantum gravity these degrees of freedom can fluctuate. Two examples of such quantum fluctuation are considered: a quantum interchange of the sign of two components of the 5D metric and a quantum fluctuation between Euclidean and Lorentzian metrics. The first case leads to a spin-like structure on the throat of a composite wormhole and to a possible inner structure of the string. The second case leads to a quantum birth of the non-singular Euclidean Universe with frozen 5th dimension. The probability for such quantum fluctuations is connected with an algorithmical complexity of the Einstein equations.
__label__0, Rapid expansion in the digitization of image and image collections has vastly increased the numbers of images available to scholars and researchers through electronic means. This research review will familiarize the reader with current research applicable to the development of image retrieval systems and provides additional material for exploring the topic further, both in print and online. The discussion will cover several broad areas, among them classification and indexing systems used for describing image collections and research initiatives into image access focusing on image attributes, users, queries, tasks, and cognitive aspects of searching. Prospects for the future of image access, including an outline of future research initiatives, are discussed. Further research in each of these areas will provide basic data which will inform and enrich image access system design and will hopefully provide a richer, more flexible, and satisfactory environment for searching for and discovering images. Harnessing the true power of the digital image environment will only be possible when image retrieval systems are coherently designed from principles derived from the fullest range of applicable disciplines, rather than from isolated or fragmented perspectives.
__label__0, Whole sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L. cv. Ras poly) plants were grown in the greenhouse from the same seed stock used for an in vitro shoot tip culture. In vitro produced sugar beet plants exhibited a high content of chlorophylls a and b, carotene, and total and soluble sugars. On the other hand, total protein content of in vivo plants was higher than that of in vitro plants. No differences were found by SDS-PAGE analysis in the nature and contents of soluble proteins of in vitro propagated plants and greenhouse-grown plants. Surfaces of epidermal cells were larger and palisade and spongy paranchyma tissues were thicker in leaves of regenerants than in leaves of seedlings. Vascular tissues in leaf petioles in regenerants were flat and more differentiated than in seedlings. Closed and undeveloped stomata were found on the abaxial leaf surface of regenerants, whereas in seedlings the stomata were open.
__label__0, The influence of phosphate deficiency on the sugar accumulation and sugar partitioning in the root cells of bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) was studied. Bean plants were cultured 17 - 19 d on a phosphate-sufficient and phosphate-deficient nutrient medium. Phosphate deficit in the growth medium resulted in increased sugar concentration for about 30 % in the apoplastic and cytoplasmic compartments as well as in the vacuoles of root cells. However, the distribution of sugars between apoplast and cytoplasm compartment and vacuole was not affected by decreased phosphate concentration. About 20 % of sugars were found in the apoplast and cytoplasm, about 80 % in the vacuole. Low phosphate concentration enhanced influx of exogenous 14C-sucrose into meristematic and elongation zones of root. The 14C-labelled sugar content in the root tips increased for about 60 % as compared to control plants. Phosphate deficiency increased also 14C-glucose uptake and content in the root tips. However, the amount of 14CO2 liberated during respiration of P-deficient roots (after feeding with uniformly labelled 14C-glucose) was lower than 14CO2 respired by control plants, thus a large part of accumulated sugars seems to be metabolically inactive.
__label__0, Cryptococcus adeliensis sp. nov. (CBS 8351) is described based on phenotypic characteristics and molecular sequence analysis of the D1/D2 large subunit and internal transcribed spacer regions of the ribosomal DNA. Molecular comparisons include species closely related to Cryptococcus albidus and several species isolated from the Antarctic. C. adeliensis, which has a cold-adapted xylanase, was isolated from Terre Adelie, Antarctica. ATCC 34633, which has a mesophilic xylanase, was identified as Cryptococcus albidosimilis.
__label__0, General Mikhail Kutuzov was a charismatic Russian general, most remembered for his defense of Moscow against Napoleon. He was in and out of favor with the emperor, Alexander I, but in times of crisis, on more than one occasion he was called back to lead the Russian Forces. From the standpoint of ophthalmology, it is of interest that while fighting the Turks, Kutuzov sustained two separate severe head wounds that ultimately led to loss of sight in his right eye. A portrait of General Kutuzov hangs in the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia, Kutuzov's birthplace. In the portrait Kutuzov is standing with his left side facing forward, presumably to hide his disfigured right eye. He lost the Battle of Austerlitz against Napoleon and at best gained a draw at the Battle of Borodino. Nevertheless, the latter battle was the beginning of the end for Napoleon's Grand Armée. They entered a deserted Moscow, part of Kutuzov's scorched earth policy that left no food or housing for the enemy, and with the Russian winter rapidly approaching, Napoleon began his long retreat from Russia. As with the German army, the harsh winter claimed many casualties while Kutuzov added to the French misery by harassing the retreating army from the rear. Of 450,000 French soldiers, only 10,000 returned to France.
__label__0, A study commissioned by the Canadian Institute for Historical Microreproductions produced some interesting secondary findings about the attitudes of the Canadian research community towards digitized facsimile collections. In written responses to a questionnaire designed primarily to elicit advice about the subject content and focus of future projects, and in structured follow-up interviews, many respondents demonstrated a marked ambivalence towards the concept of digitized collections. Furthermore, if faced with a choice between fully searchable text and digitized facsimile images with traditional points of access (subject, author, title, etc.), there appears to be a preference for the latter means of access.
__label__0, The responses of Brassica juncea cv. Pusa Bold to elevated CO2 was studied under water stress. Carbon accumulation in leaves, stem and roots was significantly higher at elevated CO2 concentration. The water stress decreased the carbon content in these plant parts and this adverse effect was reduced by CO2 enrichment. On the contrary nitrogen content of leaves, stem and roots was significantly reduced at elevated CO2. Water stress caused reduction in nitrogen content in these plant parts, similar at ambient as well as elevated CO2 concentration.
__label__0, High frequency shoot regeneration from cotyledons excised from 4-d-old seedlings of Brassica campestris L. cv. M 27 and Brassica juncea (L.) Czern. cv. Pusabold was achieved on Murashige and Skoog's (MS) medium supplemented with 1.0 mg dm-3 N6-benzyladenine (BA) and 3 % (m/v) saccharose. Rooting occurred simultaneously with shoot formation on the medium containing 1.0 mg dm-3 BA and 0.5 mg dm-3 1-naphthaleneacetic acid. Cultures of cotyledon, cotyledon derived non-differentiating calli and differentiated calli with shoots and/or roots were analysed at different intervals for isozyme patterns of esterase and peroxidase. With the BA-induced development of shoot and/or root from non-differentiating callus, some conspicuous isozymes appeared which indicates the involvement of these isozymes in root and shoot development rather than in induction of morphogenesis in callus.
__label__0, Aims: To quantify diabetic macular edema by confocal scanning laser ophthalmoscopy and assess its usefulness by determining the reproducibility of topographic measurements at the macula. Methods: The volumes above reference plane bound by a 2 mm diameter circle centred on the fovea were measured by two observers. The reference plane was adjusted to the lowest point of the height variation of the contour line. The reproducibility of this technique was assessed in 20 eyes of 20 diabetic patients of which 8 eyes had macular edema. Three HRT scans of each eye were obtained. The measurements of volume above reference plane of each scan were repeated three times. Results: For all diabetic eyes, the intra scan coefficients of variability measured 14.71% to 21.21%, the inter scan coefficient of variability was 30.46%. The average standard deviations were 0.053 mm3 for one examination per scan, 0.047 mm3 for two examinations per scan and 0.044 mm3 for three examinations per scan. Linear regression demonstrated an increase in standard deviation with greater volumetric measurements (p < 0.001). We found good correlation (r = 0.959, p < 0.001) and strong agreement between the two observer's findings for all 20 eyes. For the 8 eyes with macular edema, the coefficients of variability were similar to those calculated for all 20 eyes. The average SD for one examination per scan were 0.078 mm3, 0.069 mm3 for two examinations per scan and 0.062 mm3for three examinations per scan. We found good correlation (r = 0.945, p < 0.001) and strong agreement between the two observer's findings in eyes with edema. Conclusion: The reproducibility of this technique has been demonstrated in diabetic eyes. This may have useful clinical applications for the quantification of diabetic macular edema and monitoring of laser therapy.
__label__0, This paper describes the effect of agar, MS basal medium strength, sucrose and polyamines on the in vitro rooting of Syzygium alternifolium realized by a two step procedure involving root initiation (RI) and root elongation (RE). RI was carried out on solidified MS medium supplemented with 1.0 mg dm−3 indole-3-butyric acid (IBA) for 3 weeks, and RE following transfer to half-strength MS medium devoid of growth regulators for another 3 weeks. Agar and MS basal medium concentrations played important role on rooting response as well as on health of rooted shoots. Sucrose concentration was positively correlated with the rooting percentage, root number per shoot and root length. The combination of polyamines and 1.0 mg dm−3 IBA increases rooting percentage compared to media containing only 1.0 mg dm−3 IBA. Optimum rooting was attained with half-strength MS medium containing 1.0 mg dm−3 IBA, 2 % sucrose, 10 µM spermine and 0.8 % agar.
__label__0, This study was conducted to determine whether indirect grid laser therapy is effective in reducing focal diabetic macular edema characterised by focal leaks and hard exsudates involving the para-foveal area (less than 300 microns from the center of the fovea). Since focal coagulation of microaneurysms in such a critical location can be deleterious, indirect grid pattern laser treatment may be used in such cases.
__label__0, The in vitro regeneration of three flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) breeding lines (cv. Jitka, cv. Areco and NLN 245) and selection of transgenic plants were studied. A. tumefaciens derived binary vector GV3101 (pPM90RK)(pPCVRN4) bearing tetramer of 35S promoter enhancer was used in transformation experiments. Following 3 weeks of cultivation on shoot inducing Murashige and Skoog agar medium containing BAP (0.1 µM) and NAA (0.005 µM) from 82.6 % to 98 % of hypocotyl segments formed shoots. While ticarcillin (500 mg dm−3) used to eliminate Agrobacterium following the transformation decreased the organogenic response by about 10 % only, the addition of 20 mg dm−3 hygromycin to ticarcillin efficiently suppressed the regeneration of untransformed control plants. To look up for genomic mutations caused by T-DNA insertion from Agrobacterium transformation or originated from somaclonal variation over 500 regenerated plants have been cloned, transferred into soil and evaluated especially for their morphological characteristics. Up to now among plants of cv. Areco-background at least 8 genotypes showed changes either in flower or filament and stigma colour and one clone of plants with pollen sterility was identified. Among fifty four plant clones evaluated in 7 clones the presence of transgene specific sequence hpt was detected and simultaneously Agrobacterium contamination of tissues was firmly excluded.
__label__0, If G is a semisimple Lie group and (π, \(\mathcal{H}\)) an irreducible unitary representation of G with square integrable matrix coefficients, then there exists a number d(π) such that  $$(\forall v,v',w,w' \in \mathcal{H}) \frac{1}{{d(\pi )}}\left\langle {v,v'} \right\rangle \left\langle {w',w} \right\rangle  = \int_G {\left\langle {\pi (g).v,w} \right\rangle \overline {\left\langle {\pi (g).v'.w'} \right\rangle } }  d\mu _G (g).$$  The constant d(π) is called the formal dimension of (π, \(\mathcal{H}\)) and was computed by Harish-Chandra in [HC56, 66]. If now H∖G is a semisimple symmetric space and (π, \(\mathcal{H}\)) an irreducible H-spherical unitary (π, \(\mathcal{H}\)) belonging to the holomorphic discrete series of H∖G, then one can define a formal dimension d(π) in an analogous manner. In this paper we compute d(π) for these classes of representations.
__label__0, The study of the structure and diversity of hydrothermal vent microbial communities has long been restricted to the morphological description of microorganisms and the use of enrichment culture-based techniques. Until recently the identification of the culturable fraction required the isolation of pure cultures followed by testing for multiple physiological and biochemical traits. However, peculiar inhabitants of the hydrothermal ecosystem such as the invertebrate endosymbionts and the dense microbial mat filaments have eluded laboratory cultivation. Substantial progress has been achieved in recent years in techniques for the identification of microorganisms in natural environments. Application of molecular approaches has revealed the existence of unique and previously unrecognized microorganisms. These have provided fresh insight into the ecology, diversity and evolution of mesophilic and thermophilic microbial communities from the deep-sea hydrothermal ecosystem. This review reports the main discoveries made through the introduction of these powerful techniques in the study of deep-sea hydrothermal vent microbiology.
__label__0, The isolation and characterisation of cotyledonary ribonucleases (RNase; EC 3.1.27.1), are basic steps to understand the physiology and biochemistry of RNA turnover and mobilisation during seed germination and seedling establishment, as well as how environmental stresses affect them. RNase was isolated and purified 928-fold, to apparent electrophoretic homogeneity from 5-d-old seedlings of Vigna unguiculata. It is a protein with an apparent molecular mass of 16 kDa having three major isoforms. Its optimum pH is 5.8, which decreases to 5.2 in presence of KCl. It has an apparent Km of 0.80 mg RNA cm-3 and retains 40 % of its activity when heated to 80 °C. It is completely inhibited by Cu2+, Hg2+ and Zn2+ and is almost insensitive to Mg2+, Ca2+- and EDTA. Urea, Fe2+, Co2+ and 2-mercaptoethanol partially inhibit its activity. Its amino acid composition shows a resem lance to that of other plant RNases.
__label__0, In 1352 the artist Tomaso da Modena depicted three monks with reading aids in the chapter house of San Nicolò Monastery. One of them is wearing rivet spectacles, the second is using a reading glass, and the third has a reading glass on a stand. These rivet spectacles are often quoted in the literature as the first pictorial representation of spectacles, while the reading glass was found in only one reference in the literature with only one illustration, and the reading glass with stand was not found at all.
__label__0, As this year marks the 200th anniversary of the birth of Friedrich August von Ammon (1799–1861), it presents an opportunity to recall and celebrate Ammon's life and his many contributions that helped shape both ophthalmology and plastic surgery into independent specialties. Some 250 years after Georg Bartisch, Ammon reestablished Dresden as a major center of ophthalmology, through the creation of a teaching institute, the publication of influential periodicals, and his personal publication of important monographs and journal articles. Ammon's Zeitschrift für die Ophthalmologie (founded 1830) was only the third journal in history that had been entirely devoted to ophthalmology. His prize-winning treatise, De Iritide (1835), correcty categorized iritis and gave a detailed description of sympathetic ophthalmia. His beautiful color-plate atlas, Klinische Darstellungen (1838–1841), contains landmark descriptions of congenital eye anomalies and has been described by Norman as ‘the best summary of the knowledge of diseases of the eye prior to the introduction of the ophthalmoscope.’ Ammon made most of his literary contributions in ophthalmology but he also contributed to another emerging field, plastic surgery. His monograph, Die plastische Chirurgie (1842), critically and comprehensively surveyed the entire history and current practice of plastic surgery, one of the very first textbooks to achieve this goal. In his last monograph (1858) Ammon returned to the subject of embryology of the human eye and drew upon his 30 years of study. Before his death, two of his last papers reported ophthalmoscopic observations, demonstrating his exploration of the frontiers of ophthalmology that characterized his entire career.
__label__0, Coprothermobacter platensis is an anaerobic, proteolytic, thermophilic bacterium, which is phylogenetically related to the genera Fervidobacterium and Thermotoga. The organism was found to reduce thiosulfate to sulfide during growth on carbohydrates and proteinaceous substrates. Growth on glucose was inhibited by hydrogen, but this inhibition was overcome by thiosulfate reduction, stirring, increasing the headspace volume and coculturing with a hydrogen-consuming methanogen. Alanine was detected during glucose fermentation, its formation was influenced by the hydrogen concentration in the gas phase suggesting an electron sink mechanism, as was previously reported for the phylogenetically related Thermotogales and the archaeal hyperthermophile Pyrococcus furiosus.
__label__0, The most important approaches to computer-assistedauthorship attribution are exclusively based onlexical measures that either represent the vocabularyrichness of the author or simply comprise frequenciesof occurrence of common words. In this paper wepresent a fully-automated approach to theidentification of the authorship of unrestricted textthat excludes any lexical measure. Instead we adapt aset of style markers to the analysis of the textperformed by an already existing natural languageprocessing tool using three stylometric levels, i.e.,token-level, phrase-level, and analysis-levelmeasures. The latter represent the way in which thetext has been analyzed. The presented experiments ona Modern Greek newspaper corpus show that the proposedset of style markers is able to distinguish reliablythe authors of a randomly-chosen group and performsbetter than a lexically-based approach. However, thecombination of these two approaches provides the mostaccurate solution (i.e., 87% accuracy). Moreover, wedescribe experiments on various sizes of the trainingdata as well as tests dealing with the significance ofthe proposed set of style markers.
__label__0, We enunciate and prove here a generalization of Geroch's famous conjecture concerning analytic solutions of the elliptic Ernst equation. Our generalization is stated for solutions of the hyperbolic Ernst equation that are not necessarily analytic, although it can be formulated also for solutions of the elliptic Ernst equation that are nowhere axis-accessible.
__label__0, The convergence of sexuality messages with a computerized medium (specifically, the Internet) represents an unprecedented phenomenon with, as of yet, unknown outcomes. Despite the Internet's widespread use, little is known about users' behaviors and attitudes when searching for sexually explicit materials online. This study examined specific behaviors and outcome expectations and expectancies (or attitudes) of a sample of 506 undergraduate students at a public university in Texas. Data were collected through a self-administered questionnaire, designed and pretested by the authors. Main results revealed that most students in the sample were infrequent and relatively new users of the Internet. Forty-three percent (43.5%) of students had sometime accessed sexually explicit materials through the Internet, but the practice was not very common. Only 2.9% said they accessed these materials “frequently.” Male students were significantly more likely to have accessed the Internet for viewing sexually explicit materials and to claim curiosity about sex as their motivation for this behavior. Women were significantly more likely to have experienced sexual harassment while online. In terms of attitudes, this sample did not appear to value highly or exhibit strong beliefs about the potential outcomes associated with accessing the Internet for sexually explicit materials. Competing explanations as well as the limitations of this study are discussed.
__label__0, Porphyrins which contain 1-hydroxy(alkoxy)ethyl or alkoxymethyl substituents on the periphery of the macrocycle (i.e. formally able to yield “benzyl type” carbocations) react with nucleophiles (4-tert-butylphenol or the β-diketones acetylacetone, benzoylacetone, dibenzoylmethane, or 4,4,4-trifluoro-1-(2-thienyl)-1,3-butanedione) in the presence of excess zinc acetate. They give high yields of the corresponding addition products, which are the zinc complexes of porphyrins with a 1-(4-tert-butylphenoxy)ethyl substituent or with substituents containing β-diketone residues.
__label__0, The pattern electroretinogram (PERG) is a retinal response evoked by viewing an alternating checkerboard or grating. It receives clinical and research attention because it can provide information about inner retinal cells and the macula. However, clinicians may have trouble choosing between different techniques for recording the PERG that have been described in the literature. The International Society for Clinical Electrophysiology of Vision has prepared a standard for a basic PERG recording procedure to aid new users in obtaining reliable responses and to encourage more uniformity among existing users.
__label__0, The joint realm of quantum mechanics and general-relativistic description of gravitation is becoming increasingly accessible to terrestrial experiments and observations. In this essay we study the emerging indications of the violation of equivalence principle (VEP). While the solar neutrino anomaly may find its natural explanation in a VEP, the statistically significant discrepancy observed in the gravitationally induced phases of neutron interferometry seems to be the first indication of a VEP. However, such a view would seem immediately challenged by the atomic interferometry results. The latter experiments see no indications of VEP, in apparent contradiction to the neutron interferometry results. Here we show that these, and related torsion pendulum experiments, probe different aspects of gravity; and that current experimental techniques, when coupled to the solar-neutrino data, may be able to explore quantum mechanically induced violations of the equivalence principle. We predict quantum violation of the equivalence principle (qVEP) for next generation of atomic interferometry experiments. The prediction entails comparing free fall of two different linear superpositions of Cesium atomic states.
__label__0, Cicer arietinum L. plants raised in sand culture under natural light were subjected to salinity stress induced by mixture of NaCl, CaCl2, MgCl2 and MgSO4 (40, 60 or 80 meq dm-3). Acetylene reduction activity (ARA) of nodules, leghemoglobin content and nodule structure were followed 55, 75 and 85 d after sowing. ARA declined significantly under salt treatments and the lowest ARA was observed at day 85 after sowing. Decrease in ARA was consistent with decreased nodule leghemoglobin content. The leghemoglobin content of control plants decreased by 50 % at day 85 indicating senescence of nodules. This senescence was further accelerated by salt treatment after which the leghemoglobin content fell to negligible levels. The structural changes associated with salt stress were mainly reduction in size of the nodules, decreased meristematic zone, reduced number and degradation of symbiosomes, reduced intercellalar spaces and deposition of electron dense material in the intercellular spaces in the cortex of nodules.
__label__0, Biochemical changes associated with adventitious shoot regeneration during in vitro culture of hypocotyl explants of Jatropha integerrima were determined. Histological and biochemical studies were undertaken at 7-d intervals, up to four weeks on hypocotyl explants cultured on basal Murashige and Skoog's medium supplemented with 0.5 mg dm-3 N6-benzyladenine and 1.0 mg dm-3 indole-3-butyric acid. Initial cell proliferation occurred within one week of culture; meristemoid differentiation within two to three weeks and shoot development after four weeks. Peak activities of alkaline phosphatase, peroxidase and polyphenol oxidase was observed at day 14 indicating their involvement in the formation of meristematic centers. Protein accumulation and acid phosphatase activity were maximum at day 28.
__label__0, Major properties (pH and temperature optimum, stability) of lichenase (b-1,3-1,4-glucanase) deletion variants from Clostridium thermocellum were comparatively studied. The deletion variant LicBM2 was used to create hybrid bifunctional proteins by fusion with sequences of the green fluorescent protein (GFP) from Aequorea victoria. The data show that in hybrid proteins both GFP and lichenase retain their major properties, namely, GFP remains a fluorescent protein and the lichenase retains activity and high thermostability. Based on the results of this investigation and results that have been obtained earlier, the use of the deletion variants of lichenase and the bifunctional hybrid proteins as reporter proteins is suggested.
__label__0, The characteristics of dynamic protection whose anticumulative layer consists of two metal plates with an explosive layer between them are substantiated theoretically and experimentally. The dependences of the penetration depth of a jet upon passage though the anticumulative layer on the angle of their interaction and the thickness of the explosive layer are obtained.
__label__0, Two schedules have been developed for chromatographic purification of cyclodextrin glucanotransferase (CGTase) from a culture of Bacillussp. 1070. The purification on butyl-Toyopearl and on Cu(II)-iminodiacetic (IDA) agarose resulted in a 9.5-fold purification of the enzyme. The second schedule for purification (chromatography on butyl-Toyopearl and on DEAE-Sephacel) resulted in a 13.5-fold increase in the specific activity of CGTase. By electrophoresis under denaturing conditions, the enzyme purity was shown to be no less than 90%. According to preliminary data, CGTase consists of two isoenzymes with pI 5.1 and 5.3.
__label__0, Exposure of the freshwater green alga Scenedesmus incrassatulus Bohl, strain R-83 to salt stress (175 mM NaCl) resulted in a reduction of its growth and 14CO2 fixation and in an increase of accumulation of free proline and malondialdehyde (MDA). The accumulation of proline in the light was higher than in dark. NaCl significantly inhibited the Fe-induced release of organic chelators from the cells. Exogenously supplied 10−4M methyl jasmonate (JA-Me) did not considerably change the 14CO2 fixation, but increased proline and MDA accumulation in the cells and moderately inhibited the release of chelators from cells. JA-Me supplied simultaneously with NaCl helps the algae to counteract the salt stress.
__label__0, We construct a determinantal resolution of singularities for the universal subscheme in \(\mathcal{S}{\text{ }} \times {\text{ }}H_{d + 1} \) and prove that it is isomorphic to the variety of total pairs \(\widetilde{\mathcal{S}{\text{ }} \times {\text{ }}H_d }\).
__label__0, We have obtained various diphenylmethylsilyl- and carbonyl-substituted isoxazoles by [2+3]-dipolar cycloaddition of nitrile oxides to diphenylmethylsilyl-, hydroxymethyl-, methoxymethyl-, and ethoxycarbonylacetylenes. We have observed that the isoxazoles obtained exhibit moderate cytotoxicity relative to the HT-1080 and MG-22A cell lines. The highest activity level is displayed by 3-methyl-5-diphenylmethylsilylisoxazole.
__label__0, The relationship between processes of thermal denaturation and heat-induced aggregation of tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) coat protein (CP) was studied. Judging from differential scanning calorimetry “melting” curves, TMV CP in the form of a trimer–pentamer mixture (“4S-protein”) has very low thermal stability, with a transition temperature at about 40°C. Thermally denatured TMV CP displayed high propensity for large (macroscopic) aggregate formation. TMV CP macroscopic aggregation was strongly dependent on the protein concentration and solution ionic strength. By varying phosphate buffer molarity, it was possible to merge or to separate the denaturation and aggregation processes. Using far-UV CD spectroscopy, it was found that on thermal denaturation TMV CP subunits are converted into an intermediate that retains about half of its initial α-helix content and possesses high heat stability. We suppose that this stable thermal denaturation intermediate is directly responsible for the formation of TMV CP macroscopic aggregates.
__label__0, Two isoforms of nuclease displaying DNase and RNase activities were found in the culture liquid and periplasm of Proteus mirabilis. The enzyme was isolated from the periplasm and then purified to a functionally homogeneous state. The nuclease was equally potent in cleaving denatured and native DNAs by the endonuclease mechanism and was designated Pm endonuclease. The endonuclease was shown to be a temperature-dependent enzyme with a pH optimum of 10.4–10.6, requiring the presence of bivalent metal ions and inhibited by citrate and ethylenediaminetetraacetate.
__label__0, Simple conditions for the existence of global continua of cycles in autonomous Hamiltonian single-loop control systems are derived from ordinary linear two-sided nonlinearity estimates. Limiting bounds of sector estimates are determined by the properties of the linear part. The designed methods are useful in determining two-sided estimates for the period of a cycle in a sector.
__label__0, We studied structural and metabolic changes in ventricular conducting cardiomyocytes during the acute phase of massive pulmonary embolism complicated or uncomplicated by cardiac insufficiency. During massive pulmonary embolism without cardiac insufficiency, glycolysis in conducting cardiomyocytes of both ventricles was activated, and its contribution to energy formation increased. Massive pulmonary embolism complicated by cardiac insufficiency was accompanied by inhibition of glycolytic enzymes and damages to conducting cardiomyocytes of the left and right ventricles. Our findings indicate that the development of cardiac insufficiency during the acute phase of massive pulmonary embolism provides structural and morphological basis for impairment of electrophysiological properties of the myocardium.
__label__0, Toxic effect of thiophenol on rats can be prevented by injection of antioxidant β-ionol and clotrimazole, an inductor of phase I and II detoxication enzymes. Both agents increase O-demethylase activity of cytochrome P-450, but do not prevent inhibition of its water-soluble form, and activate cytosol and microsomal glutathione-dependent enzymes. Both agents protected erythrocytes from peroxide damage by thiophenol and simultaneously enhanced its prooxidant effect in the liver.
__label__0, A model of gas–flame propagation in a narrow gap between two plates is proposed. Apart from the conventional regime, this model describes the regime of low velocities. A typical feature of the low–velocity regime is the fact that the flame propagates together with the heat wave in the plates generated by the flame. It is shown that the limits of flame propagation in the low–velocity regime are wider than the limits in the classical theory. Dependences of the flame–propagationvelocity and the critical Peclet number on the fresh–gas velocity are obtained. For Peclet numbers lower than the critical value defined by the classical theory, the flame may exist only within a certain range of velocities of the fresh mixture counterflow. A possible reason for the existence of the upper and lower limits of flame propagation relative to the flow velocity of the fresh mixture is discussed.
__label__0, Effects of melanins obtained from cultured Cladosporium cladosporidae fungi and Alpha grape on Fe2+-induced, Fe2+–ascorbate-induced, and NADPH-induced lipid peroxidation in rat liver, brain, and eye were studied. Melanins were shown to inhibit the accumulation of lipid peroxidation products in vitro. The inhibitory effects of melanins were not due to direct interactions of these pigments with superoxide anion (O ∸2 ). However, melanins may interact with other free radicals. Melanins were demonstrated to have the ability to oxidize NADPH, which is probably one of the mechanisms of their antioxidant effects.
__label__0, Soluble sugars, proline, total chlorophyll contents and electrolyte leakage were measured in two wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) cultivars KRL 1-4 and HD 2009 at different growth stages [crown root initiation (CRI), flowering, and soft dough] under short term salinity (NaCl, CaCl2 and Na2SO4). In control plants sugar contents were maximum at flowering stage. Proline and sugar concentrations increased in both cultivars under salinity with a maximum increase at CRI. Electrolyte leakage increased and chlorophyll content decreased with the plant age. A sharp increase of electrolyte leakage was noticed at salinity of 10 and 15 dS m−1 in HD 2009 and KRL 1-4, respectively. The short-term salinity at CRI stage proved more detrimental as compared to salinity at flowering and soft dough stages in term of all biochemical changes induced. In wheat, plant resistance to salinity increased with the age of plant. The cultivar KRL 1-4 performed better under salinity as compared to HD 2009.
__label__0, Design of logical circuits for modulo tests in unitary parallel binary code is described. The complexity and speed of circuits designed by different methods are evaluated.
__label__0, The combustion of granular powders is studied in a broad range of loading densities. The nontraditonal design of manometric bombs and the model ballistic installations on which the conditions close to a real detonation were simulated were used. It was established experimentally that the instability of a shot from a light–gas gun is caused by poor reproducibility of the ignition and combustion of powders fired at a loading density of Δ≲ 0.5 g/cm3. It is shown that the differences between the specific features of gas formation upon combustion of fine tubular and multiperforated powders under conditions of a classical manometric bomb (Δ≤ 0.3 g/cm3) and in a real shot (Δ≥ 0.6 g/cm3) are connected not only with the nonstationary character of combustion, but also with the dependence of the shape of a burning grain (area of the burning surface) on experimental conditions and, in particular, on the loadng density. It is shown that the use of a stepwise dependence of the factor in a geometrical law of combustion allows one to obtain a good agreement between the experimental and calculated pressure curves, including the ignition period, which makes it possible to describe the combustion of combined charges more correctly.
__label__0, The purpose of this work was to study the second harmonic in the steady state pattern visual evoked potential (ssVEP) to various stimulus frequencies in subjects with normal and defective binocularity. ssVEPs were elicited by 4 c/deg sinusoidal gratings, with temporal frequencies ranging from 5 to 20 Hz (exp. 1) and 15 to 27.5 Hz (exp. 2). Responses were Fourier analysed and power and phase of the second harmonic to stimulus frequency were measured. For power, binocular enhancement in a bimodal fashion was found both in normals and in subjects with defective binocularity. The power with binocular stimulation was significantly higher in the normal group in the high frequency domain. Latency, estimated from the phase-frequency function, was longer in the group with defective binocularity, but this was statistically significant only for the high frequency domain. The results suggest that a visual system with normal binocular function can follow a stimulus with high temporal frequency more accurately than a system with disturbed binocularity.
__label__0, The endocrine function of the thymus develops earlier than lymphocytopoietic. Thymalin is produced by epithelial cells in the thymus primordium. It is released into the blood and regulates differentiation of T lymphocytes in the liver, the initial hemopoietic organ. The hormonal and lymphopoietic functions of human thymus are united on weeks 7.5-8 of embryonic life.
__label__0, We performed morphological assay of the myocardium in Wistar rats with anthracycline cardiomyopathy and SHR rats with genetically determined arterial hypertension causing hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Both disorders were accompanied by a decrease in protein synthesis and development of plastic cardiomyocyte insufficiency. Electron microscopy revealed peculiarities of intracellular regeneration of cardiomyocytes. We observed disorientation of newly formed myofibrils lying between preserved myofibrils. These myofibrils were positioned perpendicular or at angle to the long axis of muscle fibers, or extended from the Z line (in a fan-like manner) crossing each other. Regeneration disturbances also included excessive elongation of myofibrils. These abnormalities of myofibril regeneration were related to changes in transcription and translation in cardiomyocytes, due to DNA damages caused by cardiotoxic doses of rubomycin.
__label__0, The influence of the heat-induced conformational changes in side alkyls and in the backbone of poly(3-dodecylthiophene) (PDDT) with a higher content of configurational head-to-head defects (39 studied. It has been found that conformational changes affect the electric conductivity values of PDDT doped with FeCl3 which attain at 0.021 mol of Fe/mol dodecylthiophene more than 108 S m-1 within the whole temperature range (from 78 up to 320 K). For the analysis of conformational changes the entropy temperature dependence was calculated from the experimental data on the specific heat capacity. In this paper dependences between the resistance and the conformational changes of PDDT were discussed.
__label__0, Researchers have conclusively shown that Sinapis alba (commonly known as yellow mustard) has many agronomic traits which would be beneficial if transferred to rapeseed ( Brassica napus L.). S. alba is resistant or tolerant to all major insect pests of Brassica crops in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States of America. It is also tolerant of high temperatures and drought stress, is shatter resistant and capable of high seed yield without the need for insecticides and herbicides. However, S. alba is considerably lower in oil content and lacks the high oil quality and seed meal quality of rapeseed (i.e. canola). This paper describes a combination of ovary culture and embryo rescue techniques used to develop fertile hybrid plants from the intergeneric cross between S. alba and B. napus . The hybrids were intermediate between both parents for presence of trichomes, leaf shape and color, seed size, pod shape, and seed oil content; showing expression of traits from both parental species. Hybrid plant tissue and seed contained all types of glucosinolate that exists in either B. napus or S. alba, at the same or higher level to the parental species. These hybrid crosses offer the potential for combining the desirable oil and glucosinolate qualities of B. napus with insect and disease resistance characters of S. alba.
__label__0, Wheat seed storage protein fingerprint is used to determine the gluten protein pattern in studies aimed at improving flour quality. Wild wheat with high seed protein content is used extensively in wheat breeding programs. Although the wild wheat growth and protein content may be influenced by environmental conditions, the gluten-protein pattern is generally considered as indicative of a genotype, without the superimposition of environmental influences. The effects of soil type, habitat, and deficiencies of N, P, K and S on seed storage protein composition were examined in nine accessions of wild wheat (Triticum turgidum var. dicoccoides) and three varieties (two T. aestivum and one T. durum). Soil from ten natural habitats of the wild wheat that had not previously received any fertilizers or manures was sampled and used to grow wheat in a greenhouse. Seed storage protein composition was characterized by SDS-PAGE. Although deficiencies in soil nutrient caused variations in the seed storage proteins, the genotype was the main factor determining the seed storage protein composition. Seed storage protein composition of genotypes varied when grown under different mineral nutrient conditions. Only one genotype was stable showing almost identical protein patterns under all growing conditions studied without any qualitative change in fingerprint pattern. In the other genotypes, as well as the cultivars, the seed storage protein was affected at least to some extent by the soil. The ‘soil effect’ is summarized in terms of three main quantitative changes in the seeds: 1 – the relative amounts of the high-molecular-weight proteins; 2 – the relative amounts of proteins in the range of 45 and 65 kD; 3 – the percentage distribution of the HMW glutenin and other groups of seed storage proteins. The soild induced also qualitative differences in the composition of seed storage proteins, mostly in those of 45–65 kD. These differences were observed whenever a deficiency of S, N, P, K or Mg was identified. Therefore, in breeding programs that use seed storage protein fingerprints of wild wheat germplasms should be exercise caution when the germplasms selected from wild habitats.
__label__0, Self-pollinations of a diploid (2n = 2x = 16) interspecific hybrid Alstroemeria aurea × A. caryophyllaea, resulted in no seeds. Backcrosses of the hybrid with parent A. aurea did not produce any seeds. In an attempt to restore the hybrid fertility, an efficient in vitro procedure has been developed and applied effectively in the chromosome doubling of the diploid hybrid. Forty-one percent of the treated plants were proven to be truly tetraploid by chromosome counts and stomatal measurements after applying 0.2 to 0.6% colchicine for 6 to 24 hours. Over 87.5% of these colchicine-induced tetraploids were stable and retained their tetraploidy after one year of growth. The fertility of the hybrid was not restored although the pollen stainability was increased from 0 to 12% after chromosome doubling. Cytological studies on the pollen mother cells (PMCs) of the sterile diploid hybrids revealed abnormal meiotic behaviors. In addition, aneuploid chromosome numbers, ranging from 2n = 1 to 2n = 18, were observed in over 45% of the PMCs examined. PMCs of the colchicine-induced tetraploids showed that meiotic chromosome pairings were normal in most cases (1.59I + 15.07II + 0.05III + 0.03IV). These results indicate that the sterility of this hybrid is not only caused by parental chromosome differences, but other complex fertility/sterility-regulating mechanisms are involved too.
__label__0, Sclerotinia crown and stem rot is the most destructive disease on red clover in areas with cool seasons including North America and Europe. An artificial inoculation test in controlled conditions has been developed in order to evaluate resistance to this fungus in individual plants. Measured drops of ascospore suspension were applied to detached clover leaflets and disease severity scored on a visual scale. Clovers from 16 cultivars and 12 ecotypes were tested for resistance to Sclerotinia trifoliorum. The results obtained for cultivar resistance are in agreement with those of other tests described in the literature. Moreover, repeated individual evaluations on detached leaflets from the same plant was successful in detecting genotypic variation within clover populations.
__label__0, We have previously confirmed that Allium ampeloprasum spp. porrum, the leek, shows extensive and frequent quadrivalent formation during prophase I of meiosis, and that despite the resolution of most of these into bivalents some quadrivalents persist to metaphase I; in addition, a substantial number of univalents are found at this stage. In this paper we examine the later meiotic and post meiotic consequences of these irregularities in four leek cultivars and discuss their implications. Irregularities of chromosome segregation are observed at anaphase of both meiotic divisions, giving rise to micronuclei in dyad and tetrad stage pollen mother cells. It is shown that micronucleus frequency in tetrads is correlated with univalent frequency at metaphase I, suggesting that micronuclei originate largely from missegregation of univalents. Seedling populations of the same four cultivars were screened cytologically and shown to contain aneuploids at frequencies ranging between 4.3% and 8.4%. It is proposed that the majority of aneuploid seedlings originate from meiotic irregularity, especially univalent missegregation. It is very likely that the presence of this level of aneuploidy in the seedling populations contributes to the problems of phenotypic non-uniformity experienced by the leek crop, although its relative importance is difficult to assess. Further studies are required to establish the genetical and environmental contributions to meiotic irregularity and to assess the potential for selection for greater meiotic regularity in this material.
__label__0, Since the mid-1980s there have been very considerable changes inparticipation rates of all age cohorts in higher education courses withinhigher education institutions and further education colleges in Scotland. Inparticular there have been disproportionate increases in the number ofentrants aged 21 and over to full time undergraduate and sub-degreecourses.The increasing heterogeneity of the undergraduate population raisesquestions of performance of the different populations of students. Whilstsome research has previously been carried out on the performance of mature,'non-standard' and 'non-traditional' students, existing data is constrainedby the restricted data sets of national admissions systems, and thelimitations of institutional record-keeping. In particular, littleinformation exists on students whose entry route is the Access Course despiteits designation as the 'third' route into higher education (DES 1987) and itsincreasing popularity as a mode of entry from the late 1980s to the presentday.In this study the performance of students admitted to the University ofStirling with a variety of traditional and non-traditional qualifications iscompared. Using detailed student records, fine distinctions by type of Accessprogramme or other mature entry qualifications and by points scores in GCE'A' levels and SCE 'Highers' are compared. We show that performance of formerAccess students bears a relationship to the extent of control that theuniversity exerts on the particular type of Access programme. We confirm thatnon-Access students who didn't enter the university direct from school, butwho came in with a variety of qualifications perform at least as well as'standard' entrants. Our studies of entrants with 'standard' qualificationsconfirms previous research that points scores are important indications ofsuccess or failure. Finally study of a discrete sub-set of former Accessstudents studying Mathematics and Science courses at the university showsthat their performance is slightly poorer than all Access students.
__label__0, Exotic germplasm may be useful for the improvement of agronomic performance of barley breeding material. This study was conducted in order 1) to evaluate if it is possible to improve performance of Nordic barley breeding material by utilizing exotic germplasm sources (unadapted landraces and H. spontaneum), 2) to evaluate incorporation of exotic germplasm into a genetic base widely adapted to the agro-ecological conditions of the extreme Scandinavian north as well as to the base adapted to the conditions of the south of this geographical region, and 3) to evaluate whether an index composed of several traits corresponded to 'breeder's phenotypic evaluation' of the progenies. Earliness, straw length, number of ears/plant, yield/plant, seed shattering, persistence of awns and an index computed from these traits were studied in Swedish and Finnish 4-way crosses along with their adapted parents. Most of the crosses headed earlier than their adapted parents and none of the crosses outyielded the adapted parents. The most favorable frequency distributions for the index were found in the crosses with only cultivated barleys as parents. Transgressive segregates were also found in progenies with H. spontaneum parents. Incorporation of exotic barleys was most successful into the local genetic base. Comparisons between indices and breeder's phenotypic evaluation suggested reconsideration of evaluation methods early in parent development.
__label__0, The aim of this study was to develop a better understanding of the processes involved in the construction of the oral and written symbolic systems of numbers and to grasp their role in the elaboration of the modeling function of numbers. Tasks related to both spoken and written number sequenceS and to addition and subtraction problems were given to six first graders. Analysis of the children's behavior permits discussion of certain theoretical questions raised by the research results of the construction of number sequence, contributes to a better understanding of the relationship between numeration and arithmetic operations and finally, in light of these results, permits us to propose ideas for teaching.
__label__0, The melon (Cucumis melo) plant introduction PI 414723 was observed to segregate for resistance after inoculation with a highly virulent non-aphid-transmissible strain of zucchini yellow mosaic potyvirus (ZYMV-NAT). By self-pollination of selected resistant plants, the percentage of resistant plants increased in successive generations until nearly 100% in the S7 progeny. A reciprocal cross was made between a resistant S5 plant of PI 414723 and a plant of the susceptible cultivar Dulce. Parental-, filial-, and backcross- generation plants were inoculated with ZYMV-NAT. One-half of the F1 plants, regardless of the direction of the cross, were resistant, indicating that the PI 414723 individual used for crossing was heterozygous. The F2 generation obtained by self-pollination of resistant F1 plants segregated to resistant and susceptible in accordance with a 27:37 ratio, indicating that, in this cross, three complementary dominant genes are needed for resistance to be expressed. The resistance to ZYMV carried by PI 414723 is oligogenic with the number of genes observed to segregate in crossing depending on the genotype of the susceptible parent.
__label__0, Up to 100 single plant derived lines of 18 barley landraces, collected from 18 localities of six barley growing regions of Ethiopia were studied for two years at Holetta, Ethiopia for variation in five quantitative traits; scald severity, earliness, plant height, 1000 grain weight, and leafiness. The relative latent period in the adult plant stage to barley leaf rust, a good measure for partial resistance, was assessed on the landrace lines at Wageningen, The Netherlands. The observed variation between and within landraces was very large for all traits. The magnitude of variation was so large that most, if not all, plants within a landrace had a different genotype. The landraces also varied in the degree of variation. Some landraces, 1726 and 3288 for instance, were more variable for most or all traits than other landraces such as 208925 and 212938. Days to heading and scald severity were significantly (P = 0.01) correlated with altitude, r being 0.66 and - 0.65, respectively. Resistance to scald and leafiness also increased with altitude. On average landraces became later, more resistant to scald and more leafy the higher the altitude of collection. This associated complex of traits could be an adaptation to the wetter and cooler conditions at higher altitudes.
__label__0, Bulk segregant analysis (BSA), random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) and sequence characterized amplified region (SCAR) methods were used to map molecular markers to the sex locus M of asparagus. Two parents, A19 (male, Mm) and MW25 (female, mm), and 63 progeny were used for the study. Two DNA bulks, one male and one female, were made by pooling equal amounts of DNA from 10 randomly selected progeny of each sex type. A total of 760 arbitrary decamer oligonucleotide primers were used for RAPD analysis. Primer OPC15 produced two RAPD markers, OPC15-98 and OPC15-30, both of which were linked to the M locus at a distance of 1.6 cM. Subsequently, amplified RAPD fragment OPC15-98 was cloned and sequenced. The sequence was then used to design flanking 24-mer oligonucleotide SCAR primers SCC15-1 and SCC15-2. Both of these SCAR primers amplified a single 980 bp fragment; the same size as the cloned RAPD fragment. However, the SCAR marker was dominant as was the original OPC15-98 band from which it was derived. These RAPD and SCAR markers could be used for scoring male and female progeny in the mapping population, but were not found to be applicable to other asparagus germplasm studied.
__label__0, Solanum lycopersicoides Dun. is a wild nightshade native to Chile and Peru that possesses many traits of potential interest to tomato breeders, including environmental stress tolerance, resistances to disease and insect pests, and certain fruit quality characteristics. Sexual and somatic hybrids with the cultivated tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum Mill.) are readily obtained, yet have a strong tendency towards male-sterility combined with unilateral incompatibility, barriers that have deterred breeding efforts in the past. We report herein the synthesis of a partially male-fertile F1 hybrid by sexual crosses between tomato and a recently collected population of S. lycopersicoides. Over 280 BC1 plants were obtained by directed backcrossing to tomato at the diploid level, of which 58 were sufficiently fertile to permit selfing or additional backcrosses. The transmission of S. lycopersicoides genetic markers into a uniform L. esculentum background was confirmed with 24 isozyme or morphological loci on 11 of the 12 alien chromosomes. Potentially useful tolerance to gray mold (Botrytis cinerea) was demonstrated by inoculation of stem cuttings with mycelial plugs: at 6 days post-inoculation, the intergeneric hybrid showed little evidence of disease progression and the length of stem lesions averaged only one third that of susceptible controls.
__label__0, Phylogenetic relationships of 15 genotypes of the genus Lens and 7 of their interspecific hybrids were determined by morphological (quantitative and qualitative) characters. The first multivariate analysis was conducted on quantitative characters and second analysis was conducted on qualitative characters. In the first analysis on the basis of two canonical variates, accessions of Lens nigricans, L. odemensis and L. culinaris ssp. orientalis grouped together, while L. ervoides and L. culinaris ssp. culinaris formed two different groups. The second analysis yielded different results based firstly on two canonical variates where L. nigricans and L. culinaris ssp. culinaris formed two separate groups but the other three (sub)species clustered together when the third canonical variate was included. L. odemensis separated from this larger group and formed a separate group. The phylogenetic relationships of parents and their hybrids have also been discussed.
__label__0, Annual habit in sugar beet has been shown to be controlled by a dominant gene, B, which induces bolting under long days without the cold requirement usually essential for biennial cultivars. The induction of bolting by B, however, is often influenced by both environmental and genetic factors. We studied the genetic basis for bolting suppression, caused by delayed planting, in lines derived from a cross between annual and biennial lines. The F2 progeny of a late-bolting F1 plant yielded an unexpected segregation ratio of annuality from monogenic inheritance when planted in late May, there being an excess of non-bolting biennials, although the expected segregation was observed in the late April sowing. Bolting suppression was caused by restricted daylengths due to delayed planting because the segregation was normal under artificially induced long days. The analysis with Idh1, an isozyme marker proximal to B, demonstrated that heterozygous B plants were more susceptible to bolting suppression due to delayed planting than homozygous B plants. The results suggest that bolting suppression was controlled by a number of genes responsible for long daylength requirement, one of which was closely linked to B and formed a gene complex for annuality. The annual habit was controlled singly by B under long days but modified by the genes for long daylength requirement under restricted daylengths.
__label__0, This paper presents some of the elements which have been typical of music in different contexts and cultures, and describes an approach to musical phenomena which relates them to the intercultural and interdisciplinary dimension of lifelong education (music considered as a cultural good, an expression form, a field of creativity, an artistic production and an aesthetic experience). From the educational point of view, the aim is to form "multi-musical" individuals. In this framework are set the problem of musical identity and the need to spell out that identity in relation to stereotypes (popular music, classical music, folk music, etc.) and the differing shades of diversity. Particular attention needs to be given to the question of the universals seen in the psychology of music and the configuration of musical phenomena as structures which are organized hierarchically in several dimensions. In short, music in all its forms can help to form a dynamic, pluralist identity in the European context.
__label__0, The present work was initiated to assess tissue culture techniques as a means of generating and selecting herbicide tolerant genotypes of wheat through exploiting somaclonal variation. Callus was initiated from immature embryos of genetically defined varieties and subcultured onto selective media containing 5 μm, 10 μm and 50 μm concentrations of difenzoquat and atrazine. Plants were regenerated from all the selective media except that media containing the highest herbicide concentration. The progenies of the regenerated plants were tested as whole plants for their response to spray application of the herbicides. For difenzoquat, variation in response from extreme susceptibility to tolerance was observed. However, genetic characterization by progeny testing tolerant lines revealed that the induced variation was not heritable. No plants tolerant to atrazine were obtained. Overall, no clear evidence of heritable mutations was obtained. Alternative strategies to obtain herbicide tolerant genotypes using cell culture techniques are discussed.
__label__0, Fertile interspecific progenies between Oryza sativa L. and O. glaberrima Steud. were produced through backcrossing and doubled haploid breeding (DHB). Backcrossing with the O. sativa parents increased fertility and helped combine the O. sativa and O. glaberrima features. The use of DHB to generate a large proportion of doubled haploids from interspecific F2 hybrids, helped overcome constraints associated with the conventional breeding of these species, such as: (1) slow fixation of the lines, (2) frequent partial sterility of the progenies and (3) low recovery of useful recombinants.Although true interspecific progenies between O. sativa and O. glaberrima were generally rare, their occurrence in some populations was as high as 30%. Some progenies combined the high yield potential of O. sativa, a result of high spikelet number caused by secondary branches on the panicle, with useful traits of O. glaberrima such as rapid leaf canopy establishment and high N responsiveness. The progenies partly inherited the O. glaberrima parents' high specific leaf area (SLA) during early growth, theoretically improving competitiveness with weeds, and from the O. sativa parents the rapid decrease in SLA towards the reproductive stage, theoretically allowing for high leaf photosynthetic rates and high grain yield. Research is in progress to develop new interspecific plant type concepts for resource poor, weed prone upland rice environments in West Africa.
__label__0, F2 populations from a hybrid between an inbred line of Chinese cabbage (Brassica campestris L. var. pekinensis, 2n = 20) and an inbred line of Mizu-na (B. campestris L. var. japonica 2n = 20) were grown in two seasons, and were analyzed with RAPD and isozyme markers to construct a linkage map following our previous linkage analyses for 19 isozyme loci. A total of 52 RAPD markers were integrated into ten linkage groups, which is the same as the haploid chromosome number of B. campestris. Genes for morphological traits, such as leaf shape, period to bolting, leaf hairiness, the self-incompatibility (the S-glycoprotein) and the NS-glycoprotein which has a high degree of structural homology with the S-glycoprotein, were found to link to the RAPD markers by QTL or linkage analyses. Leaf shape was found to be controlled by multiple genes in two linkage groups. Leaf hairiness seemed to be controlled by a single gene and to be linked to a group of RAPD markers. The period to bolting was found to be controlled by at least two independent loci in the genome. A RAPD marker showing linkage to the self-incompatibility locus showed a recombination value of 20.2%. The NS-glycoprotein locus was linked to the ACP-1 isozyme locus. Linkages between markers and traits are useful for developing marker-assisted selection of important traits.
__label__0, The paper presents a phenomenographic study of conceptions of academic learning among Nepalese students. Students from various disciplines at the Tribhuvan University in Kathmandu were interviewed about their understanding and experience of learning. The results are related to previous studies in Nepal, using Bigg‘s Study Process Questionnaire and written responses to open questions. They are also compared to similar phenomenographic studies carried out in the East as well as the West. The present study indicates, among other things, that Nepali students look upon memorising and understanding as interlinked in a way not usually found among Western students. The results are described within a two-dimensional outcome space, derived from previous studies of learning experience conducted in various cultural settings, and providing a general framework for different conceptions of learning.
__label__0, This paper suggests a theoretical framework to deal with some well known phenomena in mathematical behavior. Assuming that the notions ‘conceptual’ and ‘analytical’ are clear enough in the domain of mathematical thinking, the notions ‘pseudo-conceptual’ and ‘pseudo-analytical’ are proposed and explained. Examples from mathematics classrooms, mathematics exams, and homework assignments are analyzed and discussed within the proposed theoretical framework.The notions ‘pseudo-conceptual’ and ‘pseudo-analytical’ proposed in this paper, actually narrow the extension of the notion ‘cognitive’ by restricting it to the domain of meaningful contexts. Analysis of meaningless behaviors, it is claimed, requires a different theoretical framework. The attempt to analyze meaningless behaviors in the same way as meaningful behaviors is called here ‘the cognitive approach fallacy’.
__label__0, Chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) samples of brinjal eggplant (S. melongena) and representative related species including S. incanum sensu lato (or S. campylacanthum sensu stricto), S. lichtensteinii, S. marginatum, S. macrocarpon, S. anguivi and S. aethiopicum and also S. nigrum as an outgroup taxon, were digested by 14 restriction enzymes and analyzed by using electrophoresis and a cpDNA probe. All the species used here were clearly separated in the cpDNA analysis, except the pair S. anguivi and S. aethiopicum. From the dendrogram constructed by the unweighted pair-group method, it is suggested that S. incanum is the closest to S. melongena and the next closest species is S. macrocarpon followed by S. aethiopicum (and S. anguivi), S. lichtensteinii, S. marginatum and finally the outgroup taxon S. nigrum. The tree derived by the neighbour-joining method suggests phyletic relationships that agree with those indicated by crossability and seed coat anatomy, but conflict with conventional classifications based on morphology. In particular, members of sections Oliganthes and Melongena are not separated and no cpDNA variation was found within either of the morphologically diverse cultigens, S. aethiopicum and S. melongena. Paradoxically, the morphologically similar species S. incanum, S. lichtensteinii and S. marginatum have diverged greatly in their cpDNA. The significance of these results is discussed.
__label__0, The historical background and institutional characteristics of theJapanese system of higher education are described and then analysed withparticular reference to their relationship to both efficiency and equity.Post-World War II developments are shown to have initiated a movement fromwhat was a system of government regulation towards one which is moremarket-orientated, including a measure of market segmentation. Thesignificance of a fast-growing private sector is emphasised. The socialcharacteristics of the present-day Japanese system are analysed in terms ofthe employment of graduates, the rate of return and the economic use offinancial and human resources. Factors such as family income, background andregion of residence all influence opportunities and it is argued that thesystem cannot be considered as being entirely meritocratic. Nor can it bedescribed as being dependent on market forces; though both price andacademic quality affect student choice of institutions, the two are notnecessarily correlated. The social and economic consequences of the systemare complex and the author concludes by discussing these in the context oflikely changes in the future.
__label__0, Development of maize (Zea mays L.) types that produce leaf area rapidly and finish vegetative development quickly would increase production of maize in mid- to short-season areas. The Leafy (Lfy1) and reduced-stature (rd1) traits each make contributions to this end. However, these two traits have not previously been combined. Our objective was to evaluate the morphological aspects of non-leafy normal-stature (NLNS), leafy reduced-stature (LRS), non-leafy reduced-stature (NLRS), and leafy normal-stature (LNS) maize inbreds. Two traits, Lfy1 and rd1, were incorporated into a series of inbreds, resulting in a range of canopy architectures. Twelve variables were recorded for each of 30 inbreds over three years. The 12 variables were: seed emergence, above-ear leaf number, below-ear leaf number, dead leaf number at tasselling, live leaf number at tasselling, total leaf number, above-ear leaf area, ear leaf length, ear leaf width, ear height, internode length, and plant height. Inbreds containing the Lfy1 trait had more above-ear leaf area, above-ear leaf number, dead leaf number at tasselling, total leaf number and number of live leaves at tasselling than non-leafy inbred lines. Below-ear leaf number was not different among LRS, LNS, and NLNS inbred lines. LRS and NLRS inbred lines were also not different for below-ear leaf number. Plant height, ear height, and ear leaf length and width were higher in normal-stature than reduced-stature plants. The proportion of the seeds which emerged was higher for LRS inbreds than the other trait groups.
__label__0, This study examined aspects of academics'satisfaction with theirjob across the eight nations (Australia, Germany, Hong Kong, Israel, Mexico,Sweden, UK, USA). Interesting patterns emerged across countries reflectingdifferences in the international academic climate. The study also exploredpatterns of job satisfaction and dissatisfaction more closely for theAustralian data, and examined the impact of context elements, includingworking climate and atmosphere, on general levels of job satisfaction.Results indicated that factors related to the environment in which academicswork, including university atmosphere, morale, sense of community, andrelationships with colleagues, are the greatest predictors of jobsatisfaction. Implications for university management and governing bodiesare discussed.
__label__0, This paper analyses why the highly developed Japanese system ofschool and undergraduate education seems inversely proportional to studentnumbers proceeding to graduate education. Only a few do proceed. Traditionalattitudes, which are not supportive of graduate education, are shown to stemfrom the view generally taken by the world of business and industry thatgraduate education is not of significance when recruiting staff. Adistinction is, however, drawn between the humanities (in which graduateeducation is seen as appropriate only for those planning an academic career)and more recent developments in the fields of engineering and the naturalsciences indicating a growing recognition of the value of post-graduatetraining. The work of the government University Chartering Commission– the body which authorises the establishment of graduate schools, isdescribed – focusing on its measure to maintain the quality ofgraduate education. The author shows that university-based doctoral studentsmay be at a disadvantage in terms of job-prospects, financial provision andlaboratory-funding in comparison with industry-based students.The paper concludes by reviewing recent innovations aimed at tackling theproblems described. Programs of continuing and professional education havebeen established with part-time attendance or a mixture of full-time(sometimes on leave from the company) and part-time attendance as well asspecially designed inter-disciplinary programs with a focus on applied areassuch as development in developing countries. The government is promotingrefresher programs and cooperation between universities and businessenterprises including joint research projects involving company-basedengineers.
__label__0, The presence of structural breaks reduces the power of integration tests. A number of methods were suggested to improve the statistical properties of integration tests in the presence of structural breaks. The most known are Perron tests, which allow to test for the level of integration of time series with one structural break. Perron tests allow for two types of structural breaks: additive outlier an innovative outlier. These tests are, however, not very useful in testing the level of integration of macroeconomic time series in countries in transition from centrally-planned to market economy. In such case one should expect two structural breaks to affect the time series: one at the beginning and one at the end of the transformation process. Test that allows for two additive outlier type structural breaks in time series is developed in this paper. This test has superior power as compared to standard Dickey-Fuller and Perron tests. This paper provides asymptotic distribution as well as finite sample properties of proposed test. Therefore practitioners receive a reliable tool for analyzing macroeconomic processes in transitional economies.
__label__0, While for much of the postwar period becoming a research intensive university has been the goal of most large American universities, in recent years many are reappraising their missions. This paper focuses on two institutions, Michigan State University and the University at Buffalo, that are seeking to combine a focus on a strong research mission that creates new knowledge with new initiatives to convey the practical implications of that knowledge to local clientele. These two institutions are seeking to serve their constituencies through both knowledge extension and instructional extension. In the process they face the challenge of sustaining the commitment of leaders, of altering long-standing structures, and of reforming financial procedures. Through focusing on two cases, the study seeks to identify some of the generic problems American institutions of higher education are encountering as they strive to strengthen their service function.
__label__0, The 13–21% variation in seed protein content was observed in wild and cultivated forms of amaranth. Seed proteins of amaranth are highly nutritive and composed presumably of easily digestable albumins and globulins (over 50% of total protein); of 20.8% alkali-soluble proteins-glutelins with similar nutritive value and only of 12% alcohol-soluble proteins-prolamins which are lacking in essential amino acids. The results of polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (buffer pH being 3.2) indicate that seed proteins of amaranth are heterogeneous and compose of 38 bands which, by their electrophoretic mobility, can be tentatively assigned to four zones: A, B, C and D. By their protein patterns all Amaranthus species were assigned to 7 biotypes. The cytogenetic and electrophoretic comparison enabled us to determine the degree of diversity among amaranth forms studied. The phylogenetic relationship between A. paniculatus L. and A. hybridus L. was confirmed. A relationship was also supposed between these two species and A. lividus L. and between A. powellis L. and A. deflexus L. which by their electrophoretic patterns belong to the same biotype. A taxonomic classification of 5 samples whose classification has not been done yet was performed, as well as of cultivars Elbrus and Progress which were assigned to specious A. edulis L. It was confirmed that the method of electrophoretic analysis of seed storage proteins is very promising for detecting the phylogenetic relationship between Amaranthus species.
__label__0, The genetic nature of bacterial wilt resistance in tomato was studied in two crosses based on the number of days of survival (quantitative) in the field before the appearance of wilt symptoms. Significant differences were observed between generation means in both crosses (LA 1421 × Cascade and LA 1421 × Caraibo). This study indicates that resistance identified in Lycopersicon esculentum var. cerasiforme LA 1421 may be different from that derived from L. pimpinellifolium. However, the genetic mechanism seems to be complex with a duplicate form of epistasis. Results suggest that selection for resistance from crosses between LA 1421 and Cascade should preferably be delayed until a high level of fixation of genes is attained. The variation observed in the F2 and BC2 progeny of the Caraibo cross, suggested that genetic combination between the two resistance sources can lead to higher levels of resistance.
__label__0, The keystones of traditional intelligent tutoring systems (ITSs) have been complex procedures for student diagnosis and adaptive instruction based on diagnostic data. While some of these systems have been shown to be effective, they are also very expensive to develop. This paper describes another class of ITSs, non-diagnostic ITSs, which do little or no student diagnosis, and concentrate their intelligence in other areas. Intelligent features of non-diagnostic ITSs include: modeling of experts' reasoning processes and cognitive representations (often using graphic displays), coaching based on comparison of student and expert performance, and replays and summaries of student performance. While traditional diagnostic ITSs are usually intended to be used in a stand-alone fashion, non-diagnostic tutors are designed to facilitate collaborative learning among students and between teachers and students.This paper presents a framework for comparing the features of non-diagnostic and diagnostic tutors. A number of non-diagnostic and diagnostic ITSs are described, and data on the educational effectiveness of each type of ITS is presented along with estimates of the type and level of development work required for each. Finally, obstacles to wider use of non-diagnostic ITSs are discussed.
__label__0, The commercial and economic value of genetically modified crops is determined by a predictable, consistent and stable transmission and expression of the transgenes in successive generations. No gene inactivation is expected after selfings or crosses with non-transformed plants of homozygous transgenic oilseed rape plants if the expression of the transgene in homozygous or hemizygous nature in such plants is stable. The segregation ratios of phosphinothricin (PPT) tolerance in successive generations of selfings and mutual crosses of a few independent transgenic PPT-tolerant oilseed rape plants indicated a dominant, monogenic inheritance. In within-variety and between-variety crosses no transgene inactivation was observed. However, after selfings and backcrosses with non-transgenic oilseed rape infrequent loss of the expression of the PPT tolerance transgene was observed independent from its homozygous or hemizygous nature. Molecular analysis of PPT-susceptible plants showed that the loss of expression was due to gene inactivation and not to the absence of the transgene. Methylation and co-suppression are mechanisms that might cause reduced or even loss of expression of the transgene in later generations. The implications of this observation for seed multiplication of varieties and breeding activities with transgenic oilseed rape are discussed.
__label__0, Estimation in a first order autoregressive process with trend isconsidered. Integral expressions for the asymptotic bias of the estimatorunder a unit root and for the expectation of the limit distribution of thelog likelihood ratio test for a unit root are given, and evaluatednumerically.
__label__0, Immunocytochemistry for manganese-superoxide dismutase (Mn-SOD) was studied in 12 normal adenohypophyses and 38 various pituitary lesions. The proportions of cells with granular immunoreactivity for Mn-SOD in normal adenohypophysis ranged from 9.8% to 29.6% (mean +/- sd; 18.4 +/- 6.2%). Some positive cells tended to accumulate in clusters, distribution of which corresponded well with those immunopositive for mitochondrial protein and cytochrome oxidase. The number of Mn-SOD-positive cells increased in adjacent residual adenohypophysis in eight of nine recent infarcts, in two of five old infarcts, in all four cases of lymphocytic hypophysitis, in two of four abscess cases and in one of three metastatic tumour cases, whereas the immunoreactivities of mitochondrial protein- and cytochrome oxidase-positive cells either did not vary or decreased. The intensity of the histological inflammatory reactions showed a positive correlation with reactivity for Mn-SOD in these lesions. Of eight adenomas, the surrounding area of compressed adenohypophysis showed increased numbers of Mn-SOD- and mitochondrial protein-/cytochrome oxidase-positive cells in four and six cases respectively. It is suggested that positivity for Mn-SOD may be related to some functional activity of mitochondria. It is further suggested that adenohypophysial cells have a high potential to induce Mn-SOD by inflammatory and ischaemic stress and, in addition, by enhanced mitochondrial activity. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, We seek to analyse the notion of structuring resources and their role in shaping mathematical activity, and more broadly to add to our understanding of mathematical epistemologies in workplace settings. Our analysis is of two nursing activities – drug administration and fluid balance monitoring – based on data collected in an in–depth study of paediatric nurses on the ward. In the first activity, we examine ways in which nurses conceptualise ratio and proportion problems, while in the second, we provide a case study of two nurses discussing conflicting strategies when monitoring the fluid balance of a patient. We discuss the ways in which the available resources give mathematical and professional meanings in these situations and draw out some implications for the design of viable didactical strategies in vocational mathematics teaching.
__label__0, A monoclonal antibody against histamine has been produced. A histamine–haemocyanin conjugate prepared using 1-ethyl-3-(3-dimethylami nopropyl) carbodiimide as a coupling agent was used for immunizing mice. Immunized mice were sacrificed to prepare monoclonal antibody using a hybridoma technique. On immunospot assay, the hybridoma culture supernatant containing a monoclonal antibody was capable of detecting 50 pmol of histamine. Using this antibody, we examined the cellular localization of histamine-like immunoreactivity in the stomach of normal or α-fluoromethylhistidine-treated rats and mice. Immunoreactive cells were abundant in the gastric mucosal layer. These positive cells were often located in the basal half of the fundic gland but were rare in the pyloric gland. The cells, small or medium in size, spindle or cone in shape, were intermingled with immunonegative epithelial cells. In the cytoplasm of the positive cells, granular reaction products were densely deposited. In addition, a few positive cells, identified as mast cells by Toluidine Blue staining, were distributed mainly in the submucosal and muscular layer. The antibody preabsorbed with 10 mm histamine gave no positive immunostaining. For pharmacological study, some rats were injected six times with α-fluoromethylhistidine every 8 h. In these rats, positive cells except mast cells were no longer detected. In conclusion, the monoclonal antibody produced appears to be highly specific for histamine. Its application in immunohistochemistry should provide a powerful tool for analysing the roles of histamine in enterochromaffin-like or mast cells in the stomach. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The preparation and properties of poly(acrylic acid) (PAA)-doped polyaniline (PANI) film electrodes further modified by electrodeposition of platinum particles were investigated by cyclic voltammetry and in situ conductivity measurement. The PANI/PAA film exhibits a better electroactivity and higher stability, even in solutions of lower acidity, although its polymerization rate is decreased three-fold compared to that of PANI. The conductivity of the PANI/PAA film increases by a factor of two compared to that of PANI. The effects of the carboxylic acid groups of PAA in the PANI matrix on the performance of the film are discussed. The electrocatalytic activity of PANI/PAA/Pt for reduction of hydrogen and oxidation of MeOH is higher than that of PANI modified with Pt particles alone. Characterization of the electrodes by SEM shows the platinum modification procedure yields roughly spherical catalyst particles 0.51mum in diameter dispersed throughout the polyaniline.
__label__0, Studies of combined natural and forced convection in a vertical parallel plate electrochemical cell in laminar conditions in cases of opposing and aiding flow are reported. In an ongoing project it was necessary to identify conditions in which natural convection had no significant influence on mass transfer rates at the cell walls so that data could be validly compared with purely laminar flow computational models. For the different electrode lengths investigated, natural convection dominated at low Reynolds number and there was no Reynolds number dependence. At high Reynolds number the data approached the laminar flow solution. At intermediate Reynolds number, however, there existed a distinct region where free and forced convection were significant. At high electrolyte concentrations data did not merge with laminar flow equations until Re=1000 and low electrolyte concentration data for the large plate could not be compared with numerical predictions below Re of 250. An attempt was made to compare the data with those of other workers on combined forced and natural convection heat and mass transfer.
__label__0, Electrosynthesis of peroxodiphosphate ions (P2O84−) was performed in 2m K3PO4, 1m K2HPO4 medium, using a platinum anode. The results showed that under conditions of potentiostatic polarization at constant potential, the reaction rate reaches a maximum value of 125mAcm−2 and a faradaic yield of 30%. From about 1.9V, the reaction kinetics are increasingly inhibited as the potential shifts positively. Rapid scanning potential voltammetry was used to characterize the oxidation state of the electrode surface. This method shows that the growth of α (PtO) and β (PtO2 or PtO3) oxides depend on the applied potential. It also establishes a correlation between the inhibition of P2O84− ion electrosynthesis and the β oxide coating surface. When 2×10−3m KSCN is added to the solution, some oxygen evolution sites are selectively blocked and β oxide occurs at more positive potential values. Consequently, the rate of peroxodiphosphate ion formation and the faradaic efficiency are increased to 380mAcm−2 and 75%, respectively. Under pulsed potential conditions it was possible to reach 1200mAcm−2 for P2O84− ion electrosynthesis with a faradaic yield of 82%.
__label__0, Since the 1950s economists have applied game-theoretical concepts to a wide variety of economic problems. The Nash equilibrium concept has proven to be a powerful instrument in analyzing the outcome of economic processes. Since the late 1980s economists have also shown a growing interest in the application of evolutionary game theory. This paper discusses the main concepts of evolutionary game theory and their applicability to economic issues. Whereas traditional game theory focusses on the static Nash equilibria as the possible outcomes of the game, evolutionary game theory teaches us to explicitly model the behavior of individuals outside equilibrium. This may provide us with a better understanding of the dynamic forces within a society of interacting individuals.
__label__0, An antimony microelectrode was prepared by quenching a molten Sb–Sb2O3 mixture (2% Sb2O3). The local pH in the vicinity of a cathode evolving hydrogen gas was directly measured using the microelectrode. The local pH during electrolysis of KCl-glycine aqueous solutions was increased by proton consumption; however, the increment decreased with increasing concentrations of glycine, a buffering agent. The diffusion-limiting current density of hydrogen evolution involving proton reduction was controlled by the concentrations of the proton-donating species: protonated-glycine +H3NCH2COOH and H3O+ ions. A plot of the current density against the sum of the concentrations gives a single straight line passing through the origin. The phenomena are discussed in terms of electrodeposition processes of base metals.
__label__0, The electrochemical reduction of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) to lower chlorinated benzenes has been studied in methanol solution. Differential pulse voltammetry at a sessile mercury drop cathode showed four reduction waves at E=−1.13, −1.33, −1.57 and −1.84V vs the standard hydrogen electrode, corresponding to sequential reduction to penta-, tetra-, tri- and dichlorobenzenes, respectively. The formation of these products was followed with time using a recirculating flow-through cell; the isomer distributions of the lower chlorinated benzenes were as predicted from a mechanism involving chloride elimination from radical anion intermediates. A maximum current efficiency of 60% was achieved in single-pass experiments in which the potential was controlled near the peak of the first reduction peak (−1.2V) and the initial concentration of HCB was 1mm.
__label__0, In the present study, the expression of glycoconjugates in the guinea pig seminal vesicle was localized and partially characterized by lectin histochemistry using a battery of 30 different lectins specific for different carbohydrate residues. The results indicate that the glandular epithelium of the guinea pig seminal vesicle exhibits complex glycoconjugates rich in Man, β-GlcNAc, β-Gal, α/β-GalNAc, Fuc and complex NeuAc(α2,6)Gal/GalNAc residues, as shown by its positive reactions to most lectins used. The Golgi region of the luminal secretory epithelial cells expresses a complex glycoconjugate pattern, as shown by its strong reactions to Man-(PSA, GNA), β-GlcNAc-(S-WGA, PWA, DSA, UDA), β-Gal- (RCA-I and -II), α/β-GalNAc-(SBA, Jac, VVA, BPA) and complex NeuAc-(SNA) specific lectins, indicating that the secretory epithelial cells are active in glycosylation and secretion process. It was also shown in the present study that the basal and luminal epithelial cells are different in their glycoconjugates. The basal epithelial cells are rich in NeuAc(α2,3)Gal residues as they are stained specifically by MAA. The fibroblasts in the epithelial-smooth muscle interface and the smooth muscle cells close to the glandular epithelium are shown to express more glycoconjugates as they are stained intensely by GS-I-B4, GS-II and SBA. However, their role in the epithelial-stromal interaction in the seminal vesicle remains to be elucidated. In summary, the present study reports for the first time on the lectin binding patterns of the guinea pig seminal vesicle, and the results show that the seminal vesicle epithelium elaborates and secretes glycoconjugates in a complex pattern. Some of the lectins might be useful as histochemical markers for the secretory activity and specific structural components in the guinea pig seminal vesicle. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The paper considers Boyer's declaration that the work of a university centres around four areas of scholarship: discovery, teaching, application and integration. The evolution of the modern university is analysed in terms of the struggle for dominance by each area of scholarship in turn, to meet the needs of the contemporary society. It identifies three major times of upheaval. At the birth of the Civic universities, the scholarship of discovery was added to that of teaching. With the “plate glass” expansion and the institution of the polytechnic sector, the need for application was acknowledged. As knowledge has expanded and new subject areas continue to form where disciplines connect and overlap, the discipline of integration has become increasingly relevant and, with the merging of the polytechnic and university systems, it could be argued that there has also emerged a need for a management system to support that integration.The paper concludes that Boyer's four areas of scholarship are still necessary, and remain core to the business of universities, but they are no longer sufficient for survival and development unless the scholarships are considered, not only at an institutional and national level, but also as part of a global learning system. The four scholarships will only be guaranteed if the unique role of the university itself is defined and defended.
__label__0, Water electrolysis from acidified solution was used as a model system to investigate the net contribution of hydrogen bubbles to the pressure drop increase in a three-dimensional electrode. A bed of silvered glass beads in both fixed and fluidized state was used, assuming an unchanging particle surface during the experiments. Pressure drop behaviour with time was measured for different experimental conditions and presented relative to the pressure drop determined for a bubble free bed. Parameters, such as current density, electrolyte velocity and particle size, greatly influence the relative pressure drop behaviour in the three-dimensional electrode. A sudden increase in the pressure drop occurs with the appearance of a gas phase in the bed, reaching a constant value (plateau) after a certain time; this plateau corresponds to steady state conditions. The pressure drop increases with increasing current density. This increase is in the range 40-150% relative to the bubble free electrolyte flow through the bed. Electrolyte flow-rate also strongly influences the pressure drop in the hydrogen evolving fixed bed electrode. It was observed that the relative pressure drop decreases with increasing electrolyte velocity. At higher flow rates, peaks occur on the pressure drop-time curves, indicating the existence of channeling inside the bed in which spouting occurs. The time to reach the pressure drop plateau decreases with increasing electrolyte velocity as do the time intervals corresponding to maximum pressure drop values. At the minimum fluidization velocity the peaks disappear and the relative pressure drop decreases with time, tending to approach a constant value. For hydrogen evolution in the fluidized bed, the pressure drop is lower than that measured in the absence of gas, and reason for this decrease being the gas hold-up in the bed.
__label__0, This Tinbergen lecture addresses two issues. The first concerns the principles of monetary policy in a low-inflation environment. The second, more fundamental, issue concerns the institutional arrangements by which monetary policy is set in a democratic society. Three conclusions are drawn: (1) Monetary policy matters. Despite some major mistakes, American postwar economic policy has led to far greater stability of the economy. (2) Strategies of opportunistic disinflation or pre-emptive strikes are based on hypotheses for which there is little empirical support. An alternative strategy, called cautious expansionism, would be preferable. (3) A central bank must be accountable and sensitive to democratic processes; there must be more democracy in the choice of decision makers and more representativeness in the governance structure.
__label__0, The aim of this work is to investigate the use of a new type of reactor for electroorganic synthesis. The concept of the reactor is based on the principle of the porous percolated pulsed electrode (E3P) which was primarily developed at commercial scale for metal recovery in waste waters. The reactor is fitted with a three-dimensional electrode, of axial configuration, consisting of ordered stacks of discs of expanded metal. It can be supplied either by a homogeneous electrolyte or by an emulsion generated by an external ultrasonic system. The pulsation of the electrolyte represents a very effective means of improving mass transfer rates at the electrode. Under two phase conditions, the role of the pulsation is also to ensure the hydraulic transport of the emulsion and to increase the three phase contacts between the aqueous phase, the organic phase and the electrode. The efficiency of the reactor was tested using both homogeneous and two phase liquid–liquid electrolytes in the direct reduction process of an aromatic ketone. This study reports the effects of the pulsation on the mass transfer rate of acetophenone at the electrode. A comparative study of the behaviour of the E3P reactor towards different media is accomplished. Particular attention is paid to the chemical and faradaic yields, as well as to the selectivity of the reaction.
__label__0, Optical monitoring of activity provides new kinds of information about brain function. Two examples are discussed in this article. First, the spike activity of many individual neurons in small ganglia can be determined. Second, the spatio-temporal characteristics of coherent activity in the brain can be directly measured. This article discusses both general characteristics of optical measurements (sources of noise) as well as more methodological aspects related to voltage-sensitive dye measurements from the nervous system. 1998 © Chapman & Hall
__label__0, We consider exact weak and strong Bahadur-Kiefer representations of the least absolute deviation estimator for the linear regression model. The precise behavior of these representations is obtained under minimal conditions.
__label__0, Carbon supported iron (III) tetramethoxyphenylporphyrin (FeTMPP) heat treated at 800°C under argon atmosphere was used as catalysts for the electroreduction of oxygen in direct methanol polybenzimidazole (PBI) polymer electrolyte fuel cells that were operated at 150°C. The electrode structure was optimized in terms of the composition of PTFE, polymer electrolyte and carbon-supported FeTMPP catalyst loading. The effect of methanol permeation from anode to cathode on performance of the FeTMPP electrodes was examined using spectroscopic techniques, such as on line mass spectroscopy (MS), on line Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy and conventional polarization curve measurements under fuel cell operating condition. The results show that carbon supported FeTMPP heat treated at 800°C is methanol tolerant and active catalyst for the oxygen reduction in a direct methanol PBI fuel cell. The best cathode performance under optimal condition corresponded to a potent ial reached of 0.6V vs RHE at a current density of 900 mAcm−2.
__label__0, The electrosynthesis of polythiophene (PTh), polyaniline (PANI) and polypyrrole (PPy) films modified by dispersion of Pt or Pt+Pb and its employment in the electrocatalytic oxidation of HCOOH are studied and compared. The influence of parameters such as polymer film thickness, the number of dispersed Pt particles, the amount of Pb deposited and the presence of Pb2+ in the electrolyte on the electrooxidation of HCOOH is investigated. Electrode systems including the polymer and a mixture of Pt and Pb particles show a better electrocatalytic activity than electrodes having a polymer–Pt combination or bulk Pt electrodes. Furthermore, during the electrooxidation of HCOOH using polymer–(Pt+Pb) electrodes the presence of fewer poisoning species is observed, indicating that the role of Pb in these electrode systems is in agreement with the Pb adatom effect observed when bulk Pt electrodes are used. However, the presence of Pb(ii) in the electrolyte is not required for the PTh–(Pt+Pb) electrode system and, in addition, a better electrocatalytic effect is obtained in this case. With application of an appropriate E/t program the activity is unchanged over a long time.
__label__0, Activated titanium anodes with a spinel coating of CoMn2O4 of about 1μm thickness were developed. A relative stability in acid electrolytes was found. The novel anode was employed for the anodic oxidation of p-methoxytoluene (PMT) to p-methoxybenzaldehyde (PMB), which is of industrial interest. Batch type electrolyses with 30% theoretical conversion (4Fmol−1) were used for␣a parametric screening. The solvent/electrolyte-system was 1m H2SO4/5m H2O in methanol. Optimum results (60% selectivity, 50–60% current efficiency) were obtained at low concentrations of the educt (0.2m). A part of the current is consumed for the formation of the benzylmethylether, which can be further oxidized to PMB. It was proved that the novel anode operates according to the mechanism of heterogeneous redox catalysis with ter- and heptavalent manganese as the redox species. A turnover factor of >2000 is unusual for a spinel in acid solution.
__label__0, Chromium deposition on an inert electrode is a complex process. To gain a better understanding of phenomena involved in multistep reactions we have studied such a mechanism and developed Voltasim, a new software that simulates cyclic voltammograms for a two-step metal deposition with adsorption. In addition, Voltasim is suitable for either reversible or quasi-reversible or irreversible reactions. The software was validated with experimental results obtained for the chromium deposition case. Data fitting was achieved using a screening design of experiments involving 12␣parameters.
__label__0, This paper attempts to investigate empirically the investment-growth relationship in China. Using the exogeneity framework pioneered by Engle et al. (1983) and Engle and Hendry (1993), we find that fixed investment is a key determinant of China's economic growth, which, surprisingly, has not been rigorously examined in the literature. The super exogeneity test results suggest that there exists a robust (or structurally invariant) relationship between capital formation and income growth, thereby giving credence to policy evaluation.
__label__0, This paper describes the development of electrochemical processes for the oxidative degradation of toxic organic chemicals in waste waters. Doped bismuth lead dioxide anodes have been tested by the kinetic study of phenol anodic oxidation in aqueous solution. The main products during oxidative degradation of phenol are 1,4- benzoquinone, maleic acid and carbon dioxide. Several deposits of Bi2O5–PbO2 on Ti/(IrO2–Ta2O5) substrates have been prepared by anodic oxidation of Pb2+ and Bi3+ in aqueous solutions containing perchloric acid to increase the solubility of bismuth. To study the effect of perchlorate ions, the efficiency of the PbO2 deposit prepared from lead nitrate in an aqueous solution (pure PbO2) was compared with that of a deposit prepared from perchloric acid solution (perchlorate doped PbO2). Although the phenol is oxidized at the same rate on the two deposits, the charge corresponding to the total elimination of 1,4-benzoquinone is three times higher for perchlorate doped PbO2 than for pure PbO2. Phenol degradation is more efficiently carried out on a PbO2 anode doped with perchlorate and with bismuth than on the same electrode doped only with perchlorate. Among the electrodes tested in this work, the pure PbO2 anode is the most efficient for phenol degradation. It is assumed that certain active sites on the anode occupied by perchlorate ions do not participate in the transfer of oxygen atoms and that for the PbO2 electrode doped with bismuth, oxygen evolution is favoured to the detriment of oxygen atom transfer.
__label__0, An assessment of genetic diversity within and between Saccharum, Old World Erianthus sect. Ripidium, and North American E.giganteus (S.giganteum) was conducted using Amplified Fragment Length Polymorphism (AFLPTM) markers. An automated gel scoring system (GelComparTM) was successfully used to analyse the complex AFLP patterns obtained in sugarcane and its relatives. Similarity coefficient calculations and clustering revealed a genetic structure for Saccharum and Erianthus sect. Ripidium that was identical to the one previously obtained using other molecular marker types, showing the appropriateness of AFLP markers and the associated automated analysis in assessing genetic diversity in sugarcane. A genetic structure that correlated with cytotype (2n=30, 60, 90) was revealed within the North American species, E. giganteus (S.giganteum). Complex relationships among Saccharum, Erianthus sect. Ripidium, and North American E.giganteus were revealed and are discussed in the light of a similar study which involved RAPD markers.
__label__0, The line Nantais Oblong, a melon of Charentais type, was shown to be a source of resistance by antibiosis to the leafminer, Liriomyza trifolii (Burgess), Diptera, Agromyzidae. We studied the genetic control of this resistance in F2 and back-cross progenies from the cross between Nantais Oblong and Védrantais, a Charentais line susceptible to the leafminer. Tests were carried out on young plants in plastic cages with controlled infestation. Complete mortality of the L. trifolii larvae was used as indicator of plant resistance. Segregation ratios were consistent with monogenic dominant control of the resistance. The symbol Lt for Liriomyza trifolii resistance is proposed.
__label__0, The presence of sulphide ions in solution greatly influences the cathodic behaviour of copper in borax solutions (pH9.2), even when this contaminant is in low concentration. Cyclic voltammograms, polarisation curves and Tafel plots are compared for polluted and unpolluted solutions. Prereduced and aged copper electrodes are investigated. The presence of sulphide ions in solution increases the rate of oxygen reduction on copper, thus having a detrimental effect on the global corrosion process. The transformation of the surface film into one with better conductive properties is suggested.
__label__0, The performance of electrodes, prepared from amorphous CoxByHz nanoparticles without additives, in 20% KOH solution was tested by means of cyclic voltammetry and chronopotentiometry. Peaks, assigned to hydrogen adsorption and desorption, are observed in the cyclic voltammograms. After charging, hydrogen atoms occupy different types of sites in the substrate, from which electrochemical desorption occurs. An increase in hydrogen content as a result of repeated cycling was established. Discharge capacity of the electrodes, estimated from the chronopotentiometric discharge curves obtained, is about 250mAhg−1. The observed changes in hydrogen and boron content, due to electrochemical treatment, indicate that the electrode material is an active participant in the whole electrochemical process. Hypotheses for the reaction mechanism are proposed.
__label__0, Vectorial sorting of plasma membrane protein-containing vesicles is essential for the establishment and maintenance of cell polarity. In the present study, the involvement of altered vesicle transport in the redistribution of membrane-bound Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase resulting from cholestasis was investigated in hepatocytes. Cholestasis was induced in rat liver by common bile duct ligation. Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase activity was demonstrated histochemically at the light and electron microscopical levels. Microtubules, an important factor for transcellular transport of vesicles, were studied in situ by immunofluorescence microscopy and electron microscopy in detergent-extracted preparations. The results showed that microtubules underwent significant changes after common bile duct ligation. The most pronounced alteration was focal accumulation of β-tubulin in the cytoplasm of hepato cytes after 7 days of common bile duct ligation. At the electron microscopical level, the number of microtubules was increased considerably. In control livers, the activity of Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase was localized only at the apical plasma membrane of hepatocytes, but it was also present at the basolateral plasma membrane after common bile duct ligation. The number of intracellular vesicles containing Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase activity was increased strikingly, and some of them were associated with lateral membrane domains in which Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase activity was found. It is concluded that common bile duct ligation induces the rearrangement of microtubules, which may disturb vectorial transport of Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase-containing vesicles in hepatocytes, leading to the redistribution of Ca2+, Mg2+-ATPase. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Electrosynthesis of cupric oxide powder was carried out on a laboratory scale in an electrochemical cell under various experimental conditions. The electrolysis was appraised in terms of the particle size of the cupric oxide product and the anodic dissolution of the copper electrode. Using a previously determined pH value of 7.50, the other optimum electrolysis operating conditions established were a current density of 4000Am−2, temperature of 353K, and Na2SO4 concentration of 0.5m. The optimum values of current efficiency, cell voltage and specific energy consumption for the electrochemical synthesis of cupric oxide powder were determined.
__label__0, Pd fine particles were prepared by heterogeneous reaction of PdOx with dry methanol as well as by the NaBH4 reduction method. The former method was found to give Pd nanoparticles (~5nm). Similarly f.c.c. structured, single phase nanoparticles of alloy compositions Pd0.8Cu0.2, Pd0.5Cu0.5, Pd0.8Ag0.2 and Pd0.5Ag0.5 were prepared by the heterogeneous reaction of dry methanol with intimate mixtures of PdOx+CuOx and PdOx+AgNO3. The electrochemical properties of the porous unsupported electrodes, prepared from these materials, in alkaline solutions, were investigated by cyclic voltammetry and steady-state polarization measurements. Various processes taking place during potential scanning in the presence and absence of methanol in 6m KOH solution are␣discussed. Steady-state polarization data indicate that the methanol oxidation reaction (MOR) activity decreases with incorporation of Cu and Ag into the Pd lattice. The extent of decrease in the MOR activity is less for Cu ad dition than for Ag addition.
__label__0, Tx1L is a site-specific non-LTR retrotransposon (NLR) that has been identified in the genome of Xenopus laevis. Using microinjection into Xenopus oocytes, several aspects of RNA expression by these elements were investigated. With constructs carrying various parts of the element we saw no evidence of promoter activity, unlike what has been shown for several other elements of this class. Tx1L transcription was induced by linking a whole element to a promoter that is active in oocytes. Among the RNAs produced, about half had 3′ ends located near the end of the element, suggesting that instructions for 3′ end formation are encoded in the element or its target. Deletion of the 3′ UTR of Tx1L and of surrounding target sequences indicated that these regions are not required for termination or processing of the RNA. PolyA or very A-rich sequences were added at these 3′ ends, despite the absence of canonical polyA addition signals. A significant proportion of non-A residues was found in the 3′ untemplated tails, and this is reminiscent of non-templated insertions often found at the 3′ junction of new genomic copies of some NLRs.
__label__0, A mathematical model proposed by Bark and Alavyoon for modelling laminar natural convection in electrochemical cells, with binary electrolytes, is extended to simulation of two-dimensional turbulent flows. The turbulence was modelled by a standard k–π model. The constants used in the model are the same as those used by Henkes and Hoogendoorn. Steady state calculations were carried out in a square, differentially heated enclosure for Gr=7×1010 and Pr=0.71. The turbulence model used could not predict the transition effect on the Nusselt number along the hot wall. Transient calculations performed in an enclosure with an aspect ratio of 35, for Gr=6.4×1011 and Sc=2763, revealed large scale fluctuations in the boundary layers near the vertical walls. The model was able to predict qualitatively the velocity field for transitional flow for air induced by buoyancy at Grh=8100 and Grh=22 500. The correlation between the Sherwood and Rayleigh numbers was studied by modelling the mass transfer at the electrodes using a Butler–Volmer law. The computed Sherwood number was found to be approximately proportional to the Rayleigh number to the power of 0.2 in the range of Rah between 5×108 and 1010, and with an order of magnitude of 105.
__label__0, Reduction of chromate in very low concentration (20 ppm) has been carried out in a GBC reactor. Final concentrations below 0.5 ppm have been achieved at reasonable reaction rates. Spontaneous reduction of chromate by hydrogen in a GBC reactor without an external power source requires careful selection of cathode material. Chemically stable materials such as titanium and RVC tend to passivate when in contact with chromate solution and are unsuitable for use as cathode materials. Graphite, active carbon and graphite felt show no obvious passivation. Reduction of oxidized groups and oxygen are the major side reactions. These occur significantly, especially when using an activated carbon bed as a cathode.
__label__0, After 2010 the aging of the population will start to form a sizable burden on public finances. On the other hand, some shifts in the private sector, such as the increase of labour participation, are expected to generate higher tax revenues. These contrasting developments raise the question whether the present system of public arrangements is sustainable in the long run or will, on balance, result in an unfavourable treatment of future generations. This paper, which assigns net public sector benefits to generations, indicates that the present arrangements are unsustainable when indexed to productivity growth. However, the required policy adjustment can be considered small. Because the alleviating factors will occur before the sizeable effects of aging set in, implementing a sustainable system implies a sharp reduction of the budget deficit in the coming decades. The paper uses, and in some ways extends, the standard Generational Accounting methodology as developed by Auerbach, Gokhale, and Kotlikoff.
__label__0, Takemura (1985, Multivariate Analysis VI, ed. P. R. Krishnaiah, 583-597, Elsevier, Amsterdam) presented a decomposition of Hotelling's T2-statistic into analogues of univariate Student-t variates along the principal component axes of the (pooled) sample covariance matrix. In this paper the idea is extended to the heteroscedastic situation where an analogous decomposition of the Behrens-Fisher statistic is considered when the nature of the heteroscedasticity between the two samples can be described by a common principal component (CPC) model, or more particularly a q-dimensional CPC subspace model.
__label__0, Collagen is an essential part of the cardiac interstitium. Collagen subtypes, their location, total amount and the architecture of the fibrillar network are of functional importance. Architecture in terms of density of the fibrillar network is assumed to be reflected by the intensity of immunohistochemical staining of collagen. The aim of this study was to evaluate a video-based microdensitometric method for quantifying density expressed as absorbance of collagen subtypes I and III stained with an indirect immunoperoxidase method in myectomy specimens of patients with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy. Various factors influencing the immunohistochemical staining product and the technical properties of the image analysis system were investigated. Linearity between collagen concentration and the absorbance of the immunohistochemical staining product was demonstrated for collagen I using a dot-blot technique. Immunohistochemical collagen staining and density measure ment were easily reproducible. The cardiac disability of the patients was assessed according to the New York Heart Association (NYHA) criteria. There was a significant increase in collagen type I density with higher NYHA class, whereas no significant association was found for total collagen area fraction. Thus, video-based microdensitometry gives further insight into the structural remodelling of myocardial collagens and reveals their significance in the process of heart failure in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
__label__0, A typical problem in mapping quantitative trait loci (QTLs) comes from missing QTL genotype. A routine method for parameter estimation involving missing data is the mixture model maximum likelihood method. We developed an alternative QTL mapping method that describes a mixture of several distributions by a single model with a heterogeneous residual variance. The two methods produce similar results, but the heterogeneous residual variance method is computationally much faster than the mixture model approach. In addition, the new method can automatically generate sampling variances of the estimated parameters. We derive the new method in the context of QTL mapping for binary traits in a F2 population. Using the heterogeneous residual variance model, we identified a QTL on chromosome IV that controls Marek's disease susceptibility in chickens. The QTL alone explains 7.2% of the total disease variation.
__label__0, Over the past two decades, references to "crises" in tertiary education – and in universities in particular – have appeared with increasing frequency in popular and academic texts. Some commentators have concentrated on shortfalls in funding and the exploitation of staff; others have focused on the "moral collapse" of the university, or on issues of curriculum reform and "political correctness" in the classroom. In New Zealand, as in many other countries of the Western World, serious concerns have been raised about the commodification, marketisation and privatisation of education at the university level. This paper provides a concise overview of recent changes in the tertiary sector in New Zealand, and considers possible futures for higher education in the 21st century. Special attention is paid to three themes: the emergence of the "perpetual chooser"; potential changes in conditions of work for academics; and the reconfiguration of academic priorities in the age of the market. The prospects for resistance against elements of the marketisation process are briefly assessed.
__label__0, Historically, teachers have been criticized for verbalizing innovations while not acting on them. This study suggests that something more involved and complex may be happening as teachers move toward change. The study examined teachers' inner reflections and exterior manifestations as they participated in a mathematics reform effort. The article describes the analysis of three elementary mathematics teachers as they struggled with issues of reform and traditional teaching in relation to personal values and beliefs. Methods included observation, reflective dialogue, and group processes that took place over the course of a whole school year. Through careful analysis of the data, models evolved that describe how the participants mentally and experientially moved toward belief change. Intermediary steps included the teachers' use of visual images, verbalization, and experimentation. Findings revealed that the teachers devised personal, complex, internal and external feedback networks that integrated changes over time. Implications for future research are discussed.
__label__0, This paper attempts to examine how market forces have affected educational development in Hong Kong and Mainland China. In both places, there has been a trend to the decentralisation and marketisation of education in recent years, particularly in the realm of higher education. Based upon recent research conducted in Hong Kong and China, the author argues that higher education in these two places has been significantly affected by emerging market forces. The core of the paper is confined to the discussion of two major issues: user charges and the introduction of “competition” and cost recovery in education. The main focus of this paper is on what strategies educational institutions in Hong Kong and China have employed in response to the strong tide of marketisation. Particular attention will be given to discussing how markets and competition have affected the governance and delivery of educational services in Hong Kong and China. This comparative study has demonstrated that even though the recent developments in higher education in these two places have been experiencing a similar global trend, the global tide of universal trend in which private charges, market competition, non-state provision, corporate governance, system-wide performance management should not be treated as a simplistic notion of undifferentiated universal trend. Instead, different places may take different configurations in cases of marketization which remain national-specific as well as global.
__label__0, Differential display of mRNA was used to analyze the differences of gene expression in seedling leaves between heterotic hybrid/nonheterotic hybrid and their parental inbreds in order to study the molecular basis of heterosis in wheat. The results indicated that patterns of gene expression in hybrids differ significantly from their parents. Both quantitative and qualitative differences were observed. The quantitative differences include gene over-expression, gene under-expression in hybrid and dominant expression of highly-expressed parental genes in hybrids. The qualitative differences include silencing in hybrids of genes expressed either in male or female parent, and silencing in hybrids of genes expressed in both parents. Expression in hybrid of genes only expressed either in male or female parent was also observed. It was also found that some genes expressed at high level in heterotic hybrid were underexpressed or expressed at low level in nonheterotic hybrid. One differentially expressed cDNA fragment 4B was cloned and sequenced after being confirmed through Northern blot analysis. Homology search in GenBank proved that the cDNA fragment is a new sequence. The selection of primers for differential RNA display in wheat and the relationship between wheat heterosis and alteration of gene expression in hybrids as compared to their parental inbreds were also discussed.
__label__0, To examine the localization of von Hippel–Lindau (VHL) protein in human tissues, we produced four novel monoclonal antibodies against human VHL protein. Western blot analysis revealed that two of these antibodies recognized the epitope in amino acid sequence 60–89 of the VHL protein and the others recognized sequences 54–60 and 189–213. In a wild-type VHL gene-transfected cell line, immunocytochemistry and immunoelectron microscopy demonstrated the intracytoplasmic localization of VHL protein, particularly in mitotic cells. In normal human tissues, VHL protein was detected immunohistochemically in epithelial cells covering the body surface and the alimentary, respiratory, and genitourinary tracts; in secretory epithelial cells of exocrine and endocrine organs; in parenchymal cells of visceral organs; in cardiomyocytes; in neurons in nervous tissue; in lymphocytes in lymphoid tissue; and in macrophages. In pathological specimens, VHL protein was expressed in VHL-related tumor, as well as in endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and pericytes, all of which are involved in active angiogenesis. These findings suggest that these monoclonal antibodies can be useful for various immunological assays and that the VHL protein plays fundamental roles in physiological and pathological situations, especially in neovascularization.
__label__0, DNA amplification fingerprinting (DAF) with arbitrary oligonucleotide primers was used to study genetic relationships between cultivars of flowering dogwood (Cornus florida L.), evaluate extent of plant hybridization, and generate markers in pseudo-testcross mapping at the intraspecific level. Modified Taguchi optimization methods defined a robust DAF system based on high annealing temperature (48–52 °C) and primer concentration (typically 8 μM) that was used to study genetic diversity of representative dogwood cultivars and hybrids. Phenetic analysis using cluster and numerical methods showed that: (1) cultivars were relatively conserved at the genetic level; (2) their hybridization could be identified in the F1 progeny in the absence of phenotypic or physiological markers; (3) several cultivars grouped according to their recorded ancestry; and (4) dogwood anthracnose-resistant lines originally selected in Catoctin Mountain Park (Maryland) grouped separately from those of southern origin. The DAF protocol was also tested in pseudo-testcross mapping of dogwood at the intraspecific level. A preliminary screening of parents ‘Pink Sachet’ and ‘Fragrant Cloud’ and 7 F1 segregants with 22 octamer primers produced 703 amplified loci, 30 and 39 of which were male and female markers segregating at 1:1 ratios with 98.6% confidence levels in pseudo-testcross configuration. Overall results show that DAF generated markers very efficiently (3 per primer) despite the close relatedness of parental dogwood cultivars. This study constitutes the basis for a future genetic linkage mapping and marker-assisted selection (MAS) effort initially targeted to control important fungal diseases in dogwood.
__label__0, Samples from seven sectors of the rabbit knee articular cartilage were shaved and prepared for the scanning electron microscope using either tannic acid, thiocarbohydrazide or nothing (control). Surface morphology was found to be more typical to a given sector and less so to a specific preparation procedure. Rough areas were recorded from load-bearing sectors, while smooth areas appeared on load-free ones. However, fibrillations were discerned on control load-bearing sectors only, and pits and humps were never detected. Tannic acid and thiocarbohydrazide may have exerted their structural reinforcing effect on the tissue preservation by enhancing the binding of osmium tetroxide to it, possibly along with that of other soluble tissue constituents.
__label__0, The focus of this paper is on the isolation and modelling of a set of affective sources of variation in student learning that seem specific to the discipline of mathematics. Such affective sources contribute to developing a more comprehensive discipline-specific model of student learning that can provide information about individual students, and the context of their learning engagement, in terms that are sufficiently specific for counselling and other forms of teacher-based interventions. The first part of the paper describes the development of conceptually discrete subscales to represent these sources of variation, and their associated psychometric properties. These subscales constitute the Experiences of Studying Mathematics Inventory (ESMI). The second part describes a field trialling of the ESMI subscales to test their sensitivity to influences and learning outcomes within a particular context of first year mathematics studies.
__label__0, A high efficiency transfection protocol employing a common polycationic lipid is described. Using LipofectAMINE, a widely used transfection reagent, we transfected 293T cells with a plasmid harboring the β-galactosidase (β-gal) gene. The transfection efficiency was determined by direct staining for X-gal. The conventional transfection protocol achieved an efficiency of <40% while our protocol, which employs the repetition of transfection a few times, achieved an efficiency of approximately 80%. Thus, a dramatic increase in transfection efficiency can be obtained by simply repeating transfection with the use of a common polycationic lipid. This method will be useful in many molecular biological experiments.
__label__0, We describe how the choice of an appropriate (“physical”) gauge leads to the solution of a nonperturbative problem in quantum electrodynamics: dynamical chiral symmetry breaking in QED in a constant magnetic field.
__label__0, For an FRW model with a minimally coupled scalar field having hyperbolic(exponential) potential we evaluate the wave function both by solving theWheeler-Dewitt (WD) equation and by evaluating the path integral. The WDequation is solved in configuration as well as in momentum space, while thepath integral is evaluated by dividing the lapse integral into a number of pieces.
__label__0, We formulate a paradox in relation to the description of a joint entity consistingof two subentities by standard quantum mechanics. We put forward a proposalfor a possible solution, entailing the interpretation of 'density states' as 'purestates.' We explain where the inspiration for this proposal comes from and howits validity can be tested experimentally. We discuss the consequences of theproposal for quantum axiomatics.
__label__0, This paper describes the use of ammonia-containing baths for Zn–Ni alloy electrodeposition. Buffering properties of the ammonia/ammonium couple limit the local change in pH in the vicinity of the electrode surface caused by simultaneous hydrogen evolution. In addition, it is shown that the divalent zinc and nickel species exist in the form of Zn(NH3) 2+4  and Ni(NH3) 2+6  complexes over a large pH range. The electrochemistry of the deposition at pH 10 was investigated by galvanostatic experiments and cyclic voltammetry, and compared with deposition from ammonium chloride baths at pH 5. The Ni content in the alloys were found to be 40–60% higher from the ammonia-containing bath than from the acidic baths. Reduction of divalent ions and hydrogen evolution were shown to occur at potentials 250 mV more cathodic than with baths at pH 5; the deposition mechanism may be affected by complexation of the metal cations by ammonia.
__label__0, In considering students' thinking, thephenomenographic tradition has paid considerableattention to conceptions of various phenomena withinthe context of learning. However, this research hasnot explicitly examined the relation betweenwords used and their meaning in the processes of understanding and learning. The present study concernsthe character of the relationships between verbalexpressions and thoughts about phenomena referred to.In order to understand these relationships more fully,an empirical study was carried out. Twenty-sevenstudents from two institutes of higher education, acollege of health science and a college of education,participated. Qualitative interviews were used to bothstimulate students' thinking about the conceptionsthey expressed of a particular problem and to documenttheir thinking. Contextual analysis was used toexamine this data. The results of the analysis arepresented in three related descriptive categories. Thecategories represent three different aspects ofrelationships between words used and thoughts aboutphenomena referred to and three different developmentsof these relationships. Finally, conclusions are drawnand are discussed in relation to research onunderstanding and learning and two major traditions inthe philosophy of language.
__label__0, It is shown that every effect algebra can be represented as a pasting of a systemwhere each element is the range of an unsharp observable. To describe the rangeof an unsharp observable algebraically, the notion of a “para-Booleanquasi-effect algebra” is introduced. Some intrinsic compatibility conditions ensuringcommensurability of effects are studied.
__label__0, Concrete quantum logics are quantum logics which allow for a set representation.They seem to be of significant conceptual value within quantum axiomatics andthey play an important role in the theory of orthomodular structures asset-representable orthomodular posets or lattices and they also sometimes constitutea “domain” for investigations in “noncommutative.” measure theory. This paperpresents a survey of recent results on this class of logics. Stress is put on thealgebraic and measure-theoretic aspects. Several open questions relevant tothe logicoalgebraic foundation of quantum theories are posed.
__label__0, A weakly σ-distributive product MV algebra M is considered as a base of aquantum structure model. A state is a morphism from M to the unit interval, andan observable is a morphism from the system of all Borel sets to M. It is provedthat the subspace L p of the space of observables is a complete pseudometricspace. This result generalizes the previous result; the proof is new.
__label__0, The Thomas precession of relativity physics gives rise to important isometries in hyperbolic geometry that expose analogies with Euclidean geometry. These, in turn, suggest our bifurcation approach to hyperbolic geometry, according to which Euclidean geometry bifurcates into two mutually dual branches of hyperbolic geometry in its transition to non-Euclidean geometry. One of the two resulting branches turns out to be the standard hyperbolic geometry of Bolyai and Lobachevsky. The corresponding bifurcation of Newtonian mechanics in the transition to Einsteinian mechanics indicates that there are two, mutually dual, kinds of uniform accelerations. Furthermore, while current hyperbolic geometry “does not use the notion of vector at all” (I. M. Yaglom, Geometric Transformations III, p. 135, trans. by Abe Shenitzer, Random House, New York, 1973), our bifurcation approach exposes the elusive hyperbolic vectors, that we call gyrovectors.
__label__0, The relevance that the property of complete positivity has had in the determinationof quantum structures is briefly reviewed, together with recent applications toneutron optics and quantum Brownian motion. A possible useful application andgeneralization of this property to the description of macroscopic systems inquantum mechanics is discussed on the basis of recent work on the derivationof subdynamics in the Heisenberg picture of slowly varying degrees of freedominside nonrelativistic quantum field theory.
__label__0, We discuss the probability operator measure and phase measurement in a deformedHilbert space.
__label__0, We derive the equation describing the flow of a variable current in straight wires and in coaxial cables from Newton's second law of motion plus Weber's electrodynamics. We show that in both cases the signal propagates at light velocity.
__label__0, We show that the monopolar hydrogen atom is connected to a four-dimensionalharmonic oscillator with a monopole-dependent constraint by theKustaanheimo–Stiefel transformation.
__label__0, The usual definition of (non-contextual) hidden variables is found to be too restrictive, in the sense that, according to it, even some classical systems do not admit hidden variables. A more general concept is introduced and the term “approximate hidden variables” is used for it. This new concept avoids the aforementioned problems, since all classical systems admit approximate hidden variables. Standard quantum systems do not admit approximate hidden variables, unless the corresponding Hilbert space is 2-dimensional. However, an appropriate non-standard quantum system, which arises by focussing on momentum and position and neglecting the remaining observables, admits approximate hidden variables. Systems associated with JBW-algebras (resp. von Neumann algebras) and satisfying some mild conditions admit approximate hidden variables iff they are classical, that is, iff the corresponding JBW-algebra (resp. von Neumann algebra) is associative (resp. commutative).
__label__0, This study examines an attempt to encourage integration of knowledge learned in the academy with knowledge learned in practice as a means to challenge educational practitioners' — teacher leaders and inservice teacher educators — existing conceptions and beliefs, and promote intellectual restructuring. The article centers on two components of the Manor Program for the development of teacher leaders and educators. The first component focuses on expanding academic knowledge, by helping the participants become acquainted with studies on students' and teachers' conceptions and ways of thinking in mathematics. The second component focuses on the integration of knowledge learned in the academy with knowledge learned in practice by conducting a mini-study.
__label__0, Tenascin-X has been studied in developing and adult rat eye and in foetal and adult human eyes, using immunohistochemistry and frozen sections. The data were compared with the distribution of tenascin-C. The immunoreactivity for tenascin-X was seen in a basement membrane-like feature in different structures of embryonic (E) day 16–17 rat eyes. Postnatal (P) day 2 and older rat eyes showed immunoreactivity for tenascin-X in different connective tissues. In the epithelial basement membrane zone of the cornea, immunostaining was positive in P5 eyes, negative in P10 and P15 eyes and again positive in P30 and adult eyes. In the 20-week-old human foetus, immunoreactivity for the tenascin was seen in the posterior parts of the conjunctival stroma adjacent to the sclera and in a basement membrane-like fashion in anterior conjunctiva. In the adult human eye, immunoreactivity for tenascin-X was seen in the anterior one-third stroma of cornea as thin fibrils, in the stroma of the limbus and conjunctiva, and in blood vessels. Immunostaining for tenascin-C was seen in the posterior aspect of the further cornea, and in mesenchyme adjacent to cornea in E16–17 rat eyes. Corneal keratocytes and Descemet's membrane showed immunoreactivity for tenascin-C in P2–P15 rat eyes. Sclera and the junction of the cornea, and sclera expressed tenascin-C in P2 and older rat eyes. In human foetal eyes, immunostaining for tenascin-C was seen in the anterior parts of the corneal stroma, in the basement membrane zone and Bowman's membrane of the corneal epithelium, in the posterior one-fifth of the corneal stroma and the sclera starting from the junction of the cornea and sclera. In normal human adult eyes, immunostaining for tenascin-X was seen in the anterior one-third stroma of cornea, in the stroma of limbus and conjunctiva, and in blood vessels. The association of tenascin-X and basement membranes in early development evokes a question of its potential function in the development of the basement membrane. The results also suggest the association of tenascin-X with connective tissue development as well as the association of tenascin-C with the migration of keratocytes during the development of the corneal stroma.
__label__0, The algebraic structures arising in the axiomatic framework of unsharp quantummechanics based on effect operators on a Hilbert space are investigated. It isstressed that usually considered “effect” algebras neglect the unitary Brouwerianmap of complementation, and the main results based on this complementationare collected, showing the enrichment produced into the theory by its introduction.In particular, in these structures two notions of sharpness can be considered: K-sharpness induced by the usual complementation of effect algebrasand B-sharpness induced by this new complementation. Quantum (resp., classical) SBZalgebras are then characterized by the condition of B-coherence (resp., B-coherence plusB-compatibility), showing that in this case the poset of all B-sharp elements is orthomodular (resp., Boolean algebra). In the unsharp contextof effect operators, the finite dimensionality of the Hilbert space or the finitenessof a von Neumann algebra are both characterized by a de Morgan property ofthe Brouwer complementation. Moreover, since effect operators on a pre-Hilbertspace give rise to a standard model of effect algebras, a characterization ofcompleteness of pre-Hilbert spaces is given making use of the Brouwercomplement.
__label__0, A countably infinite class of multimode q-oscillator algebrasA  k;m  (k = 1, 2, ...,∞ m = 1, 2, ...) is obtained with the aid of the R-matrix method in quantumgroup theory for q 2(k+1) = 1. The related Fock spaces are given and they showthat the q-particle systems described by A  k;m  obey a generalized Pauli exclusionprinciple. The algebras A  k;m  are represented on a kind of q-holomorphic functionspaces B(¯η) k;m  which are generalizations of the usual Bargmann–Fock spaceswith many Grassmann variables and have Hilbert space structures with the scalarproduct given by an algebraically defined integral. When taking k = 1 or k →∞, all of the above are reduced to the corresponding results for the usual multimodefermion and boson systems, respectively.
__label__0, The general variation of the action depending on derivatives of an arbitrary orderand two classes of variables is performed. The conservation of some generalizedmagnitudes associated to space-time and internal symmetries are studied.
__label__0, Media have been developed for somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration from immature inflorescences and immature scutella of elite cultivars of wheat, barley and tritordeum. For wheat and tritordeum inflorescences, regeneration from embryogenic calluses induced on medium with picloram was almost twice as efficient as regeneration from cultures induced on 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D). The addition of zeatin at 5 or 10 mg l−1 to regeneration media had a positive effect on regeneration. For scutella, the highest frequencies of embryogenesis (85%) and regeneration (50%) was obtained using an induction medium containing 2 mg l−1 of 2,4-D and half concentration of aminoacids. The morphogenetic capacities of 19 different cultivars of wheat, barley and tritordeum were compared, and clear differences were found both between explants and genotypes. In wheat, embryogenic capacity from inflorescences (average of 92%) was higher than from immature scutella (average of 62%). However, shoot regeneration from scutella was clearly higher than from inflorescences (averages of 63%, and 18% respectively). Frequencies of regeneration in wheat and barley varied widely among the cultivars tested and in both species no difference was found between spring and winter varieties.
__label__0, The electrochemical behaviour of Al–x%Zn alloys (1 wt% ≤ x ≤ 80 wt% ) was studied in 0.5 m sodium chloride solution. The experiments focused on the influence of casting conditions on sacrificial anode performance. The influence of casting conditions, solidification structure, polarization behaviour and attack morphology on the anode efficiency and operating potential was analysed. For alloys with low Zn content (1–5 wt%), the interdendritic zones or grain boundaries were the initial sites of attack and self corrosion was the principal cause of efficiency loss. Particularly, for Zn contents below 3 wt% the operating potential was strongly affected by the solidification macrostructure. Casting conditions that produced better alloying element distribution (chill structures) promoted higher anode efficiency. For Zn content higher than 5 wt% the operating potential and the anode efficiency were defined by the α/β phases area relationship.
__label__0, A new member of a growing class of unresolved second law paradoxes is examined.(1–7) In a sealed blackbody cavity, a spherical gravitator is suspended in a low density gas. Infalling gas suprathermally strikes the gravitator which is spherically asymmetric between its hemispheres with respect to surface trapping probability for the gas. In principle, this system can be made to perform steady-state work solely at the expense of heat from the heat bath, this in apparent violation of the second law of thermodynamics. Detailed three-dimensional test particle simulations of this system support this prediction. Standard resolutions to the paradox are discussed and found to be untenable. Experiments corroborating a central physical process of the paradox are discussed briefly. The paradox is discussed in the context of the Maxwell demon.
__label__0, From calculations of the variance, or the fluctuations, and the mean energy densityof a massless scalar field in the Minkowski vacuum as a function of an intrinsicscale defined by the world function between two nearby points (as used in pointseparation regularization), we show that, contrary to prior claims, the ratio ofvariance to its mean squared being of the order unity does not imply a failureof semiclassical gravity. It is more a consequence of the quantum nature of thestate of the matter field than any inadequacy of the theory of spacetime withquantum matter as source.
__label__0, We study commutative BCK-algebras with the relative cancellation property, i.e.,if a ≤ x, y and x * a = y * a, then x = y. Such algebras generalize Booleanrings as well as Boolean D-posets (= MV-algebras). We show that any suchBCK-algebra X can be embedded into the positive cone of an Abelianlattice-ordered group. Moreover, this group can be chosen to be a universal group forX. We compare BCK-algebras with the relative cancellation property with knownquantum structures as posets with difference, D-posets, orthoalgebras, andquantum MV-algebras, and we show that in many cases we obtain MV-algebras.
__label__0, A liaison between quantum logics and non-commutative differential geometry isoutlined: a class of quantum logics are proved to possess the structure of discretedifferential manifolds. We show that the set of proper elements of an arbitraryatomic Greechie logic is naturally endowed by Koszul's differential calculus.
__label__0, Immature embryos of the spring barley variety GoldenPromise, were bombarded with three different particledelivery systems and both transient and stabletransformation examined. In addition, a range oftechniques for the preparation of the DNA coated goldparticles was examined. Fertile transgenic barleyplants were obtained using three particle preparationtechniques which differed in the amount of gold andDNA used for each bombardment. However, only one ofthe particle delivery systems, the PDS 1000/He device,appeared to be effective in yielding transformedbarley plants.
__label__0, In the development of new crops such as Dimorphoteca pluvialis (L.) Moench, improvement of flowering synchronisation is an important breeding objective. The flowering of single plants of Dimorphotheca pluvialis could be described by a logistic curve obtained by the regression of cumulative number of open flowers on time. The curve is characterised by three parameters, corresponding with the total number of flowers produced by the plant, the rate of flowering development and the day at which peak bloom is reached. From these parameters two other characteristics were derived, i.e., onset of flowering and duration of flowering. The use of the flowering model for selection for improved flowering synchronisation is discussed. Heritabilities of flowering traits were estimated using parent-offspring regression and variance components analyses. Onset of flowering and date of peak bloom showed high (>0.69), and total number of flowers moderate to high (0.30–0.90) heritability values, indicating that for these traits considerable progress may be expected from mass selection, particularly in the early selection generations. Duration of flowering showed low to moderate values (0.25–0.45), and methods other than mass selection (e.g. family selection) should be considered. Determination of phenotypic and genetic correlations revealed only an additive genetic correlation between date of peak bloom and duration of flowering (r  A  = 0.80 and 0.69 for 1993 and 1994, respectively), suggesting the possibility of indirect selection for curtailed duration of flowering by means of selection against late date of peak bloom. Duration of flowering, total number of flowers and onset of flowering were not correlated.
__label__0, Globalisation has significantly altered patterns of research and development, and production. In turn, this has generated new organisational forms and practices in higher education knowledge production. As a result, a strong trend towards the 'entrepreneurial' university has emerged, characterised by increasing market-like behaviour and governance. Within the dominant neo-liberal global consensus, this primarily serves the market and the private good. However, this is a growing counter concern for higher education's contribution to equity, community development and the public good. Drawing from various case studies, focusing on South Africa, this paper identifies the higher education-community partnership model as a complementary alternative to the entrepreneurial university. It is shown that knowledge production in these partnerships closely resembles so-called “mode 2”, applications-driven knowledge production. Potentially, however, the partnership model integrates and mutually enhances experiential learning, relevant research and community development.
__label__0, A two-dimensional electric model of vapour anode, multitube alkali–metal thermal-to-electric conversion (AMTEC) cells was developed. These cells are being developed to power the Pluto/Kuiper Express and Europa Orbiter spacecrafts, at NASA which are scheduled for launch early in the next century. Model results of several cells tested at the Air Force Research Laboratory showed that electric losses in the current collector networks and the connecting leads were negligible. The charge-exchange polarization/concentration losses in the TiN electrodes were the major losses, amounting to 25–50% of the cell's total theoretical power, while the contact losses and the beta″-alumina solid electrolyte ionic losses amounted to less than 16% of the cell theoretical power. Results also showed that a cell with advanced Rh2W electrodes could have delivered from 14% to 25% more electrical power.
__label__0, Combinatorial mutant libraries of the single-chain 434 repressor were used to discover novel DNA-binding specificities. Members of the library contain one wild type domain and one mutant domain which are connected by a recombinant peptide linker. The mutant domain contains randomized amino acids in place of the DNA-contacting residues. The single-chain derivatives are expected to recognize artificial operators containing the DNA sequence of ACAA — 6 base-pairs — NNNN, where ACAA is bound by the wild-type and NNNN by the mutant domain. An invivo library screening method was used to isolate mutant DNA-binding domains which recognize the TTAA site of an asymmetric operator. Several mutants showed high affinity binding to the selection target and also strong (up to 80 fold) preference for TTAA over the wild type TTGT sequence. Some of the isolated mutants bound with very high affinities (10–50 pM) to operators containing the TTAC sequence, a close homologue of the TTAA selection target.
__label__0, We show that Dirac magnetic monopoles do not satisfy the orientationentanglement (OE) relation and do not return to their initial state after a 4πrotation. This is done in both the formalism using Dirac strings of singularitiesand in the fiber bundle formalism. In the latter we connect the OE relation tothe first homotopy group of the gauge group. We hypothesize that failure tosatisfy the OE relation is the reason Dirac magnetic monopoles have neverbeen seen.
__label__0, This study analyzed discussion in an online conferencethat supplemented class discussion using aninstructional method called the starter-wrappertechnique within a traditional graduate leveleducational psychology course. Various quantitativemeasures were recorded to compare instructor andstudent participation rates. In addition, Henri's(1992) model for content analysis of computer-mediatedcommunication was employed to qualitatively analyzethe electronic discourse. Using this model, five keyvariables were examined: (1) student participationrates; (2) electronic interaction patterns; (3) socialcues within student messages; (4) cognitive andmetacognitive components of student messages; and (5)depth of processing -- surface or deep -- within messageposting. Transcript content analyses showed that,while students tended to post just the one requiredcomment per week in the conference, their messageswere lengthy, cognitively deep, embedded with peerreferences, and indicative of a student orientedenvironment. Moreover, students were using high levelcognitive skills such as inferencing and judgment aswell as metacognitive strategies related to reflectingon experience and self-awareness. Weekly conferenceactivity graphs revealed that student electroniccomments became more interactive over time, but werehighly dependent on the directions of discussionstarter. To better understand the impact ofelectronic conferencing discourse, modifications toHenri's model as well as qualitative researchsuggestions were offered.
__label__0, Given the real Clifford algebra of a quadratic space with a given signature, we define a new product in this structure such that it simulates the Clifford product of a quadratic space with another signature different from the original one. Among the possible applications of this new product, we use it in order to write the Minkowskian Dirac equation over the Euclidean spacetime and to define a new duality operation in terms of which one can find self-dual and anti-self-dual solutions of gauge fields over Minkowski spacetime analogous to the ones over Euclidean spacetime and without needing to complexify the original real algebra.
__label__0, The electrochemical behaviour of zirconium metal and Ebonex® cathodes during the electrolysis of sulphite ions in sulphuric acid, at temperatures from 20 to 90 ∘C, is reported. The inactivity of these materials for the reduction of sulphite ions to sulphur is demonstrated, making the undivided cell oxidation of sulphite ions to sulphuric acid, at concentrations greater than 3.0 mol dm−3, a viable process. The use of these two cathodes materials in conjunction with lead dioxide-coated and palladium oxide-coated anodes for sulphite ion oxidation is described. Linear sweep voltammograms, chronopotentiometry and batch electrolysis data are presented for sulphite ion oxidation and demonstrate the concept of an undivided electrolysis for the oxidation of sulphur dioxide in sulphuric acid.
__label__0, The work is a continuation of an electrochemical mass transfer study which employed a cell with alternatingly spaced annular and full discs. Pumped liquid flow through the cell is now combined with rotation of the full discs. The influence of the different parameters on mass transfer at four characteristic surfaces in a cell element is analysed, and an empirical correlation is obtained for each surface. In the entrance region, where the radial flow is divergent, mass transfer control is mixed, while it is controlled by rotation in the convergent exit channel.
__label__0, In South Africa under apartheid higher education was inaccessible to the majority. This article argues that in the new South Africa there is an opportunity to redress this situation and promote equity though lifelong learning. This would involve greatly widening access and providing programmes to develop broadly applicable abilities such as computer literacy and problem-solving skills, which would increase the economic competitiveness and personal empowerment of learners. At the same time, the author argues, new educational approaches are needed to promote active citizenship.
__label__0, We are interested in the teaching of geometry to primary school (children from 3 to 11) teachers. We define a priori a conceptual frame, which organises geometry upon three kinds of knowledge: intuition, experience and deduction. Drawing on Gonseth's works, we bring out three syntheses of elementary geometry: natural geometry (geometry I), natural axiomatic geometry (geometry II) and formalist axiomatic geometry (geometry III). Next we illustrate this conceptual frame with examples of teaching geometry. Last we bring out different conceptions of geometry in scholar system which could lead to cross purposes.
__label__0, Dystrophin is a 427-kDa cytoskeletal protein, which occurs in scant amounts in vertebrate muscle and nerve cells. No previous references to dystrophin or associated proteins in invertebrates at the protein level have been found, while two recent studies investigated the presence of genes encoding proteins homologous to dystrophin in sea urchin and other invertebrates such as Drosophila melanogaster. In this study, the possible presence and distribution of dystrophin-like proteins were studied in different invertebrate muscle cell types and species through Western blot analysis and light and electron microscope immunohistochemistry using a panel of antibodies whose specificities have been determined in vertebrates. Crude protein extracts of leech Pontobdella muricata were analysed by Western blotting. The revealed protein band, with 140 kDa molecular weight, was related to dystrophin, utrophin or dystrophin-related protein-2 (DRP2) according to the specificities of the antibodies used to detect them. The immunofluorescence study showed positive immunoreactions in obliquely striated muscle of this hyrudinean. The immunoelectron microscopy study confirmed specific immunogold labelling beneath the sarcolemma of muscle cells. We thus assume that this protein is an invertebrate dystrophin-like product that is referred to as IDLp140. The potential functions of this invertebrate dystrophin-like protein in invertebrate muscles are discussed relative to previous data in vertebrate tissues.
__label__0, Apples from 1253 genotypes representing 82 open pollinated families planted at three sites were cut along the stem-calyx axis at the widest point to analyse fruit shape. An image analysis program was used to extract calliper measurements of the fruit outline and calculated Fourier descriptors for each fruit outline. Five independent shape traits were identified from a principal component analysis of the Fourier descriptors. The shape traits and the proportion of the total phenotypic variation they accounted for were: fruit aspect (76.8%), asymmetric-crown (7.8%), fruit conicity (6.0%), asymmetric-sides (4.3%), and fruit squareness (2.0%). Genetic and residual variance components were estimated with data from two sites using restricted maximum-likelihood techniques to select genetically-inherited apple shape traits. Combined sites heritability was estimated to be 0.79 for aspect, 0.38 for conicity and 0.35 for squareness. Multiple regression between calliper measurements and aspect, conicity, and squareness traits showed firstly that aspect was best predicted by fruit length/width ratio (R2 = 0.97), secondly conicity could be described by both the distance of the maximum width from the base of the fruit/fruit length ratio and the calyx basin width/fruit width ratio (R2 =0.44), and finally squareness was best described by ratio of the product of calyx basin width and distance of the maximum width from the calyx end of the fruit by the product of fruit length and fruit width(R2 = 0.19). A chart based on the aspect, conicity and squareness principal component values was drawn to allow visual assessment of shape.
__label__0, This work studied the anticorrosive behaviour of micronized ‘zinc molybdenum phosphate’ (zinc phosphate modified with zinc molybdate). It was proposed to evaluate its efficiency in solvent borne paints with 30 and 15% of the pigment by volume and a pigment volume concentration/critical pigment volume concentration ratio (PVC/CPVC) of 0.8. The behaviour of paints formulated with different binders such as epoxy, chlorinated rubber, vinyl and alkyd resins, was assessed by accelerated (salt spray cabinet and accelerated weathering) and electrochemical tests. Epoxy and chlorinated rubber paints showed the best anticorrosive performance. The inhibitive action of ‘zinc molybdenum phosphate’ was confirmed. Good correlation was obtained between salt spray and electrochemical tests.
__label__0, This study examines the computational strategies of ten young street vendors in Beirut by describing, comparing, and analyzing the computational strategies used in solving three types of problems in two settings: transactions in the workplace, word problems, and computation exercises in a school-like setting. The results indicate that vendors' use of semantically-based mental computational strategies was more predominant in transactions and word problems than in computation exercises whereas written school-like computational strategies were used more frequently in computation exercises than in word problems and transactions. There was clear evidence of more effective use of logico-mathematical properties in transactions and word problems than in computation exercises. Moreover, the success rate associated with each of transactions and word problems was much higher than that associated with computation exercises.
__label__0, Submandibular glands obtained post-mortem from mature ferrets of both sexes were examined with the use of light microscopical histochemical methods for proteins, mucosubstances and enzymes associated with cell functions or organelles. Demilunar cells showed carboxylated mucosubstances that were mainly non-sulphated, and diffuse activity for peroxidase, E600-sensitive esterase and acid phosphatase. Thiol groups were also detected in these cells. Central acinar cells showed sulphated mucosubstances, disulphides and reticular staining for thiamine pyrophosphatase. Intercalary ducts showed diffuse activity for NADH and NAD(P)H dehydrogenases. Striated ducts contained protein, tryptophan, disulphides, neutral mucosubstances and E600-sensitive esterase periluminally. Basally, the striated ductal cells showed variable activity for peroxidase, cytochrome oxidase, succinate dehydrogenase and acid phosphatase. Basolateral plasma membranes of these cells exhibited ouabain-sensitive Na,K-ATPase activity. The collecting ducts were characterized by variable periluminal staining for acid phosphatase, β-glucuronidase, acid β-galactosidase and E600-resistant esterase. The results suggest that the histological appearances of the acini of the submandibular gland of the ferret are dependent on the synthesis of secretory acid glycoproteins, that the striated ducts are involved with the secretion of tryptophan-rich product comprising neutral glycoproteins and showing esterase activity and with marked transport of ions and that the collecting ducts are involved with absorption.
__label__0, A Fusarium sp. root pathogen of lupin is the causal agent of the most important disease that affects the cultivation of white lupin (Lupinus albus L.) in Egypt. The aim of our research was to investigate whether host resistance to Fusariumroot disease was available in Egyptian landraces ofLupinus albus. Five Fusarium isolates collected from white lupin samples in Egypt were tested with an Egyptian landrace and a French cultivar. The most aggressive isolate was used to screen an additional 15 Egyptian landraces, two cultivars released in Egypt after selection among landraces, one Polish cultivar, and two French cultivars. The assessment of host response to Fusarium was performed in a field, and under controlled conditions in a greenhouse pot experiment. Most landraces and the two Egyptian cultivars showed better resistance with good accordance between field and pot experiment. This experiment showed that Egyptian genetic resources of white lupin possess partial resistance to Fusarium root rot. Egyptian germplasm may be an alternative genetic source for incorporating partial resistance to Fusarium root rot into the breeding pools.
__label__0, Electrochemical studies on AB2 type Zr0.5Ti0.5V0.6Cr0.2Ni1.2 metal hydride electrodes with varying particle size suggests that the electrodes with alloy particles of about 60 μm yield the optimum performance. The values for diffusion coefficient of hydrogen in the alloy particles > 25 μm are found to be nearly invariant. Both a.c. impedance and linear polarization data on electrodes with varying particle size suggest that the charge-transfer resistance depends on state-of-charge of the electrodes. A comparison of scanning electron micrographs of fresh electrodes and subsequent to their prolonged charge-discharge cycling suggests that the metal hydride particles develop stress-induced cracks owing to their inherent expansion and contraction during the hydriding/dehydriding processes.
__label__0, In this paper we report on the electrodeposition of AuCu/B4C composites from acid baths with gold cyanocomplexes and no free cyanide. The electrochemical behaviour of the bath and the metallographic and crystalline structures of the electrodeposited alloys were studied with and without addition of particles. Electrochemical instabilities were previously observed for free-cyanide baths and their bearing on the structure of both pure matrix and composite electrodeposits were elucidated. No instabilities were observed in the alloy deposition from the acid baths containing complexed cyanide: compositionally and structurally homogeneous microstructures were obtained both with and without particle embedding.
__label__0, In a teaching experiment 16 face-to-face and 11 e-mailFinnish university students studied academic debatingin an argumentation course. The 19 students of thecontrol group did not engage in the course. The courseinvolved two lectures, exercises with argumentativetexts, and face-to-face or e-mail seminar discussionsbased on these texts. Free debate, role play,problem-solving and panel discussion were the devicesused in organizing the course. The level of thestudents' argumentation skills were measured in apretest before the course and in a post-test after it.The results were compared between and within thegroups. The results indicated that during the e-mailstudies the students learned to identify and chooserelevant grounds, while the face-to-face studentsimproved in putting forward counterargumentation. Thecontrol group did not improve in these skills. Thestudy suggests that argumentation skills can bepromoted by short-term e-mail and face-to-faceteaching, and that practising argumentation indifferent learning environments develops differentkinds of argumentation skills.
__label__0, An analytical expression is derived for the current–time transient for electrochemical machining (ECM) using a planar tool and workpiece configuration. This is obtained as a function of such parameters as the initial interelectrode gap, applied voltage, electrolytic conductivity, valency, density and feed rate. Good theoretical fits to experimental data are found for the alloys titanium 6/4 (Ti6/4) and Inconel 718 (In718) using both sodium chloride and sodium nitrate electrolytes, demonstrating the applicability of this theory. The values of the electrolytic molar conductivity obtained for chloride and nitrate are consistent with the expected conductivity obtained from molar conductivity measurements. The mean valency values obtained for Ti6/4 and In718 are 3.5 ± 0.2 and 3.0 ± 0.2, respectively. The fraction of the applied voltage used to drive the electrochemical surface reactions, V 0, has also been obtained. The variation in V 0 between alloys when using the same electrolyte and also for each alloy when using different electrolytes is attributed to differences in the thermodynamics of the removal of the metal from the surface metal oxide. For In718 using chloride electrolyte, an increase in V 0 is observed at higher applied voltages, consistent with a change in the electrochemical dissolution reaction. Analysis of the variation of V 0 at low applied voltages throughout the current–time transient has enabled the current–voltage characteristics of these surfaces electrochemical reactions to be determined, indicating Tafel behaviour. These data show this analysis to be a powerful methodology for understanding and measuring ECM characteristics under realistic ECM conditions.
__label__0, Thin films of conductive polypyrrole (PPy) were formed electrochemically from aqueous sulfuric acid. The films showed good electrocatalytic properties towards hydrogen evolution (h.e.r) from alkaline solutions on planar and packed-bed iron electrodes. Current–potential relations were measured at various temperatures and KOH concentrations on Fe, Ni and Fe/PPy planar electrodes. The current was found to be constant during 40 h of operation. SEM micrographs showed no difference in the morphology before and after this period. The activation energy for h.e.r. was found to be 50.2, 58.5 and 33.4 kJ mol−1 for Fe, Ni and Fe/PPy planar electrodes, respectively. The results showed that Fe/PPy can be used to produce hydrogen at both ambient and relatively high temperatures ∼70 ∘C. The polypyrrole coating on iron screens was found to reduce the potential required to sustain a specific rate of hydrogen generation and, hence, the energy consumed during the process.
__label__0, The inhibitory action of BTAH on copper was investigated in 1 M sodium acetate solution in the pH range 4–10, using cyclic voltammetry and impedance spectroscopy. Cyclic voltammetry showed that the rearrangement of the surface oxide layer in the presence of BTAH is very fast in slightly alkaline solutions, while it is time- and concentration-dependent in neutral and slightly acidic solutions. The adsorption behaviour of BTAH on the electrode surface at c(BTAH) ≤ 0.5 mM followed a Flory–Huggins adsorption isotherm with ΔG ∘ ranging from −30.0 to −39.0 kJ mol−1, depending on the pH. Impedance spectra were characterized by two time constants relating to the charge transfer and transport of copper ions through the oxide layer, the latter being the rate determining step. These enabled the determination of important properties of the adsorbed layer and the passivated film. The results indicate that the surface layer is of dielectric nature, and its protection increases with increasing inhibitor concentration and solution pH. The finite diffusion impedance was analysed using a diffusion factor B, and the values of the diffusion coefficient and concentration of copper species in the film were estimated.
__label__0, The potential for introgression of Festuca glaucescens into tetraploid ryegrass Lolium multiflorum was assessed using a simplex homeoallele at the phosphoglucoisomerase isoenzyme locus (Pgi-2). Overall, the F. glaucescens species-specific marker was found to be transmitted into Italian ryegrass at a rate close to 0.5 suggesting a high rate of homeologous pairing in BC1 and of intergeneric recombination in BC2. Significant variations in transmission rate among progenies in advanced generations indicated that recombination could result from various chromosome rearrangements possibly involving more than one fescue chromosome with some selection against duplex-like introgressed genotypes. Hence, introgressing F. glaucescens genes into tetraploid ryegrass appeared as further procedure to exploit versatility in fescue species, mostly restricted so far to introgression from F.arundinacea or F. pratensis into diploid ryegrass. Implications in terms of breeding strategy and marker-assisted selection are briefly discussed in respect to the genetic control of traits of interest to be introgressed.
__label__0, An immunocytochemical staining method has been developed for simultaneous staining of both cell surface markers (CD4 and CD8) and intracellular cytokine proteins IFN-γ, IL-4 and IL-5. Cell surface molecules were visualized with alkaline phosphatase, which was developed by Fast Blue BB. Intracellular cytokine proteins were detected by amino-ethyl carbazole. We applied this technique to T cells from T-cell lines and T-cell clones, peripheral blood mononuclear cells and broncho-alveolar lavage fluid cells. Cells were used either unstimulated or stimulated for 4 h with 1 ng/ml PMA and 1 μg/ml ionomycin, which proved to be an optimal stimulus taking cytokine staining, cell recovery and cell viability into account. We studied peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy subjects and found that without in vitro stimulation on average 0.4% of the cells were IFN-γ positive cells. In unstimulated broncho-alveolar lavage fluid cells of the 2 allergic asthmatic subjects studied so far we found higher numbers of cytokine-positive cells (up to 22% of the lymphocytes being IL-4+ cells). By in vitro stimulation, the numbers of cytokine-positive peripheral blood mononuclear cells from the healthy subjects were increased to maximally 5% IFN-γ+ cells. In stimulated lavage fluid cells from allergic asthmatic subjects maximally 34% of the lymphocytes became IFN-γ+. We conclude that this method allows detection of intracellular cytokine proteins in both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells without the need for stimulating the cells in vitro. In vitro stimulation may change the cytokine profile detected.
__label__0, Based on a qualitative study of sixteen faculty of color at aprivate research university, this article argues that service,though significantly presenting obstacles to the promotion andretention of faculty of color, actually may set the stage fora critical agency that resists and redefines academic structuresthat hinder faculty success. The construct of `service,' therefore,presents the opportunity for theorizing the interplay of humanagency and social structures. The article suggests that facultymay seek to redefine oppressive structures through service, thus,exercising an agency that emerges from the very structures thatconstrain it. Faculty of color, in particular, may engage inservice to promote the success of racial minorities in the academyand elsewhere. Thus, service, especially that which seeks tofurther social justice, contributes to the redefinition of theacademy and society at large.
__label__0, The durability of solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) composite cathodes of lanthanum strontium manganite and yttria stabilised zirconia was investigated. The cathodes were kept at constant, realistic operating conditions (−300 mA cm−2 at 1000 °C in air) for up to 2000 h. After the 2000 h test the increase in electrode overvoltage exceeded 100% of the initial value. Nominally identical cathodes kept for 2000 h at 1000 °C in air without current load for comparison showed little or no degradation. Thus, the current load of −300 mA cm−2, rather than the operation temperature of 1000 °C, was responsible for the degradation. Structural analysis showed an increase in the porosity at the electrode interfaces, when the electrode had been polarised. No such structural changes were found for electrodes tested without current load. The degradation is primarily ascribed to pore formation in the electrode material induced by an electric field.
__label__0, Data from a trial of 40 cultivars clonallyreplicated over five locations were used to estimatebroad-sense heritability and genetic and phenotypiccorrelations for important nut and kernel traits inmacadamia (Macadamia integrifolia and M.tetraphylla). Location averages for each cultivarwere available from 4 to 10 years after planting fornut mass, kernel mass, kernel recovery, percentage1st grade kernels and percentage whole kernels,with individual tree measurements only available forone year. Heritability estimated from locationaverages was inflated for all traits due tounderestimation of the phenotypic variance. Un-confounded estimates of individual broad-senseheritability, obtained by combining information fromboth data sources, was high (H = 0.63) fornut and kernel mass, and kernel recovery, moderatefor percentage whole kernels (H ≈ 0.30) and low for percentage 1stgrade kernel (H ≈ 0.20). There waslittle interaction between cultivar and location orage; however, for percentage 1st grade and wholekernels, there were large 3-way and 4-wayinteractions. The only strong genetic correlation wasbetween nut and kernel mass (r g = 0.80). Theimplications of the results for cultivar selection andbreeding programs are discussed.
__label__0, This study is concerned with the cathodic reduction of 4-nitroso-N,N-dimethylaniline to 4-amino-N,N-dimethylaniline in 1.0 M HCl and 1.0 M H2SO4 containing 10% MeOH. The effect of cathode material, supporting electrolyte, electroactive compound concentration, temperature and current density in the electrochemical synthesis of 4-amino-N,N-dimethylaniline were investigated. The best cathode material was tin, which gave a selectivity of 92.7% with a current yield of 90.3% at a current density of 6 mA cm−2. The final electrolysis product was obtained as its respective HCl and H2SO4 salts and their structures were elucidated using spectrochemical techniques.
__label__0, A model for the liquid feed, direct methanol fuel cell (DMFC), based on the homogeneous two-phase flow theory and mass conservation equation, which describes the hydraulic behaviour of internally manifolded cell stacks, is presented. The model predicts the pressure drop behaviour of the anode side of an individual DMFC cell and is used to determine the channel depth and width for fast and efficient carbon dioxide removal with minimum pressure drop. The model is used to calculate flow distribution through fuel cell stack internal manifolds. The effect of inlet and outlet manifold diameters on flow distribution is also determined. Two types of manifold design are compared, reverse flow and parallel flow. An iterative numerical scheme is used to solve the differential equations for longitudinal momentum and continuity.
__label__0, We report results of a comprehensive computer-assisted analysis of new transposable elements (TEs) from Arabidopsis thaliana. Our analysis revealed several previously unknown pogo- and En/Spm-like families and two novel superfamilies of DNA transposons, Arnold and Harbinger. One of the En/Spm-like families (Atenspm) was found to be involved in generating satellite arrays in paracentromeric regions. Of the two superfamilies reported, Harbinger is distantly related to bacterial IS5-like insertion elements, and Arnold contains DNA transposons without terminal inverted repeats (TIRs), which were never reported in eukaryotes before. Furthermore, we report a large number of young and diverse copia-like autonomous and nonautonomous retroelements and discuss their potential evolutionary relationship with mammalian retroviruses. The A.thaliana genome harbors copia-like retroelements which encode a putative env-like protein reported previously in the SIRE-1 retrotransposon from soybean. Finally, we demonstrate a nonrandom chromosomal distribution of the most abundant A.thaliana TEs clustered in the first half of chromosome II, which includes the centromeric region. The families of TEs from A.thaliana are relatively young, extremely diverse and much smaller than those from mammalian genomes. We discuss the potential factors determining similarities and differences in the evolution of TEs in mammals and A. thaliana.
__label__0, A homeobox gene, HB9, has been isolated from the tarsometatarsal skin of 13-day-old chick embryos using a degenerate RT-PCR-based screening method. In situ hybridization analysis revealed that, during development of chick embryonic skin, the HB9 gene was expressed in epidermal basal cells of the placodes, but not in those of interplacodes, and in the dermal cells under the placodes at 9 days before addition of an intermediate layer by proliferation of the basal cells in the placodes. With the onset of epidermal stratification, the direction of the basal cell mitosis changed, with the axis becoming vertical to the epidermal surface. Placodes and interplacodes form outer and inner scales, respectively, after they have elongated distally (Tanaka S, Kato Y (1983b) J Exp Zool 225: 271–283). During scale ridge elongation at 12–15 days, HB9 was strongly expressed in the epidermis of the outer scale face, where the cell proliferation is more active than in the epidermis of the inner scale face; hence, stratification of the outer scale face is more prominent than that of the inner scale face. After 16 days, when mitotic activity in the epidermal basal cells decreases and the thickness of the epidermis is maintained at a constant level, the HB9 expression decreases with the onset of epidermal keratinization. These results suggest that HB9 may be involved in the proliferation of the epidermal basal cells that accompanies epidermal stratification.
__label__0, A single dominant blast resistance gene conferring resistance to a Korean rice blast isolate was identified in rice variety `Suweon 365'. We report the chromosomal localization and molecular mapping of this blast resistance gene designated as Pi-18, which confers resistance to Korean isolate `KI-313' of the blast pathogen. To know whether there is a relationship among genes conditioning resistance to location-specific isolates of the blast pathogen and thereby to identify linked markers to resistance gene for isolate KI-313 collected in Korea, RFLP markers previously reported to be linked to major blast resistance genes in different rice germplasm and other markers mapped to nearby regions were surveyed for polymorphism between a resistant (`Suweon 365') and a susceptible (`Chucheongbyeo') parent. Linkage associations of the RFLP markers with the resistance gene were verified using an F2 and F3 segregating population of known blast reaction. RFLP analysis showed that Pi-18 was located near the end of chromosome 11, linked to a single copy clone RZ536 at a distance of 5.4 centiMorgans (cM) and that this gene was different from Pi-1(t). An allelism test revealed that this gene was also different from Pi-k. Currently, a combination of RAPD and microsatellite primers is being employed to find additional markers in this region. Tightly linked DNA markers will facilitate selection for resistant genotypes in breeding programs and provide the basis for map based cloning of this new blast resistance gene.
__label__0, The applicability of a two-dimensional mathematical model of the impressed current cathodic protection (CP) system of the interior wall of a cylindrical structure was investigated. The modelled system was an axisymmetric cylindrical column filled with electrolyte with a wire anode running along its entire length and displaced from the column axis. Model inputs included anode and cathode dimensions, the anode-to-cathode distance, the electrolyte conductivity and limiting current density of oxygen reduction. A semi-analytical solution to the Laplace equation was used to compute the distribution of electrical potential. From these results, the nonuniform current density distribution was obtained to a first approximation by entering the computed values of the position-dependent cathode polarization potential into the nonlinear experimentally obtained polarization expression. The experimental electrical potential distribution compared well with that predicted by the model. Results showed the possibility of overprotection occurring in the system. The mathematical analysis was also extended to the case of a system with two wire anodes.
__label__0, Despite the growing body of literature on the stratification of the university systems in the US and the UK, the treatment of all universities in countries where the system of higher education is publicly controlled tends to remain monolithic. This is certainly true of Israel, where all universities and colleges are regulated by the Council for Higher Education (CHE), which considers all universities the “first layer” of higher education versus the “second layer” of degree-granting colleges. We claim that the six major Israeli universities – the five regular universities and the Technion – are highly stratified into three elite institutions, aiming at academic excellence, versus three “target universities” aimed at specific or peripheral populations. Drawing on periodical university figures published by the Central Bureau of Statistics between 1985–1996, we show that the growth of various academic fields and of graduate studies has been limited in the target universities. Subsequently, their student composition differs from that of the three elite universities. They have larger than expected proportions of older students, women, and minority students (Sephardic Jews and Arabs). Three implications of these stratification patterns for higher education policy in publicly controlled systems are discussed: the extent and stability of university stratification in these systems; the benefits and limitations of this stratification process; and its impact on further developments in higher education, mainly the expansion of degree-granting colleges.
__label__0, Allozyme electrophoresis of four sibling parthenogenetic Caucasian rock lizards Darevskia unisexualis, D.uzzelli, D.sapphirina, and D.bendimahiensis found seven clones and five variable loci. The data supported the hypothesis that D.raddei and D.valentini are the parental species of all four parthenogens. Variation patterns in Darevskia were summarized. Species that originated from a single F1 typically consisted of one widespread clone with a few rare clones. Species with multiple origins displayed variation only slightly higher than species with a single origin. This is contrary to other genera of parthenogenetic lizards, in which cases massive clonal variations were observed.
__label__0, Let F 1,...,F  J  be the distributions of J independent multiparameter exponential families, and ϱ J (F 1,...,F  J ) denote the affinity between F 1,...,F  J . We consider the problem of estimating ϱ J  on the basis of independent random samples from these distributions. Subject to some mild regularity conditions, we derive the asymptotic distribution of the maximum likelihood estimator of ϱ J . Applications to hypothesis testing and discriminant analysis are discussed, and an example is provided.
__label__0, The Dutch mandatory pension system consists of two parts: a public pay-as-you-go part that provides a minimum income to all Dutch inhabitants over age 64 and an occupation-specific capital-funded part that provides supplementary retirement income. The goal of this paper is to test for the effect of mandatory pensions on discretionary household savings. The data are drawn from the CentER Savings Survey. A result of the empirical analysis is that the impact of the public part of the Dutch pension system is not well identified. The occupational pensions have a significant negative impact on savings motives with respect to old age. The evidence on the effect on household wealth is mixed.
__label__0, Quasiline fluorescence and fluorescence-excitation spectra of tetraazaporphin and its N-deuterated derivative in n-octane at 77 K have been investigated, and the frequencies of normal vibrations in electronic states S 0 and S 1 have been determined. Calculation of normal vibrations of these molecules has been done and, on its basis, the experimental data are interpreted. It is shown that in the spectra, predominantly the totally symmetric vibrations of type A  g  symmetry of the point D 2h  symmetry group are active. Some activation of the nontotally symmetric B 1g  vibrations in the fluorescence-excitation spectra is explained by the nonadiabatic interaction of the vibrational sublevels of the excited electronic state S 1 with the purely electronic level S 2.
__label__0, As is known, for any two given unitary representations of a topological group in Hilbert spaces, a new unitary representation in the corresponding space of Hilbert-Schmidt mappings can be defined. In the paper, a modification of this construction is suggested that uses the Dixmier trace (instead of the ordinary operator trace). The case of the group of second-order real unimodular matrices is studied in detail.
__label__0, The results are given of experimental investigations of the kinetics of nucleation in gas-saturated helium-oxygen solutions. The temperature dependences of the mean lifetime of solution in the metastable (superheated) state are determined for fixed values of pressure of 1.171 and 1.667 MPa and for several values of concentration. The experimental data are compared with the theory of homogeneous nucleation in a macroscopic approximation with due regard for the dependence of the properties of the nuclei on their size. The dimensional effect is included within van der Waals' gradient expansion. The problems associated with the construction of the kinetic theory of boiling of gas-saturated solutions are discussed, and good agreement is ascertained between the experimental data and the theory of nucleation when the latter includes the dimensional effect.
__label__0, Data are presented on carrier mobility and strain in semi-insulating undoped gallium arsenide crystals containing different dislocation densities and annealed at 900°C for various lengths of time. The effect of the dislocations is found to depend on heat-treatment time, which is attributed to changes in the composition of defect clouds, in particular, owing to As diffusion.
__label__0, Within the framework of the concept of spin temperature in electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) in the absence of the interaction with the lattice, the time dependence for spin temperatures of the Zeeman subsystem and dipole–dipole reservoir is theoretically investigated in both high- and low-temperature approximations. It is shown that the gain can be produced in the system by switching the frequency of the saturating field. The gain in the system as a function of the detuning of the frequency of the saturating field is investigated in a high-temperature approximation. In the presence of a test field in a high-temperature approximation, the possibility of determining the magnitude of a local magnetic field, which is associated with the time of transverse relaxation of the system, is discussed.
__label__0, The present manuscript examines the conceptual, assessment and practice issues related to the intellectual-insight problem. Biased information processing strategies regarding the development and preservation of self-theories are argued to pose significant challenges for REBT therapists attempting to assist clients in the transition from intellectual- to emotional-insight. It is also suggested that the attitude change and persuasion literature may offer helpful suggestions regarding effective and ineffective intervention strategies. Implications of the intellectual-insight problem for assessment are also discussed.
__label__0, A system of membrane injection of a sample into a portable mass spectrometer which is used for determining the concentration of organic components in complex mixtures is described. Spectra of samples containing alkanes from methane to hexane have been measured. The data obtained using the membrane and diaphragm inlets to are compared. The potentialities of membrane inlets for portable mass spectrometers intended for environmental and process monitoring are shown.
__label__0, Genetic diversity among 42 Indian elite rice varieties, which is important for selection of parents for conventional breeding and hybrid program, was evaluated using three different types of DNA markers and parentage analysis. Random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD), inter-simple sequence repeat (ISSR) and sequence tagged microsatellite site (STMS) markers resulted in mean heterozygosity values of 0.429, 0.675 and 0.882 over all loci, respectively, and marker index values of 2.21, 4.05 and 5.49, respectively. The three molecular marker systems together provide wider genome coverage and, therefore, would be a better indicator of the genetic relationships among the 42 elite rice cultivars than those revealed using individual molecular markers. A total of 153 bands (91%) were polymorphic out of 168 bands amplified, considering all the markers together. The average genetic similarity coefficient across all the 861 cultivar pairs was 0.70 while the average coefficient of parentage was 0.10. Cluster analysis revealed that there was a very poor correlation (correlation coefficient <0.1) between dendrograms generated using coefficients of parentage and molecular marker generated genetic similarities, which can be attributed to selection pressure, genetic drift, sampling of loci and unknown relationships among supposedly unrelated ancestors.
__label__0, A model is proposed for the sintering of powders via the sliding of particles facilitated by a grain-boundary phase. Data on the initial-stage sintering kinetics of TiB2-modified alumina are used to assess the temperature-dependent viscosity of the grain-boundary phase, formed by Al2O3 , oxidation products of TiB2 , and impurities present on the surface of alumina particles. In the range 1570–1620 K, the temperature variation of viscosity is fitted well by the expression 25.9exp (143 308/ RT).
__label__0, Based on the temperature dependence of the fundamental absorption edge of thin PbWO4 films, we studied the exciton–phonon interaction, which made it possible to interpret the absorption edge as the absorption of autolocalized excitons. The temperature dependence of the forbidden band gap is investigated.
__label__0, A method for measuring residual intervals by combined time-to-code converters is described. The method is based on the use of a multiphase clock sequence. The interpolation algorithm was developed for use in multichannel multistop time-to-code converters. The interpolator enables one to increase the time resolution several times at a given reference period of the timing generator.
__label__0, The paper deals with the effect of a magnetic field developed by the current flowing in a liquid-metal conductor on the parameters of its phase equilibrium with own vapors. A phase explosion occurs as a result of loss of thermodynamic stability of a two-phase system, when, as the conductor is heated with current, the vapor in equilibrium with the liquid metal phase compressed by ponderomotive forces reaches the state of limiting supersaturation (spinodal). This instability initiates the dispersion and scattering of the conductor upon its electric explosion. The parameters of electric explosion of a copper conductor are calculated. It is demonstrated that the conductor temperature at the moment of explosion depends considerably on the parameters of the electric circuit and may vary in a wide range almost from the boiling point to a close-to-critical temperature without, however, reaching the critical temperature.
__label__0, The extrapolation design problem for polynomial regression model on the design space [−1,1] is considered when the degree of the underlying polynomial model is with uncertainty. We investigate compound optimal extrapolation designs with two specific polynomial models, that is those with degrees |m, 2m}. We prove that to extrapolate at a point z, |z| > 1, the optimal convex combination of the two optimal extrapolation designs |ξ m  * (z), ξ2m  * (z)} for each model separately is a compound optimal extrapolation design to extrapolate at z. The results are applied to find the compound optimal discriminating designs for the two polynomial models with degree |m, 2m}, i.e., discriminating models by estimating the highest coefficient in each model. Finally, the relations between the compound optimal extrapolation design problem and certain nonlinear extremal problems for polynomials are worked out. It is shown that the solution of the compound optimal extrapolation design problem can be obtained by maximizing a (weighted) sum of two squared polynomials with degree m and 2m evaluated at the point z, |z| > 1, subject to the restriction that the sup-norm of the sum of squared polynomials is bounded.
__label__0, Adhesion molecules (e.g. ICAM-1, CD 54) are known to be upregulated on activated vascular endothelial cells during inflammatory reactions. To study the role of ICAM-1 in intestinal inflammation in vivo, we induced acute experimental colitis in wild-type (C57BL/6) mice and ICAM-1-deficient mice, by feeding the animals with 3% dextran sodium sulphate (DSS) in drinking water for 7 days. In the control strain the immunohistochemical staining showed a very pronounced endothelial upregulation of ICAM-1 after the DSS treatment observed in areas of inflammatory infiltrate, especially in venules or arterioles of the propria and submucosa, and partly in the mesocolon. DSS-fed ICAM-1-deficient mice showed no endothelial enhancement and only faint staining of venules or capillaries approaching that encountered in the control ICAM-1-deficient animals. Our data indicate that ICAM-1 may play a crucial role in the development of acute intestinal inflammation, consistent with our finding that ICAM-1 deficiency can obviate severe forms of experimentally induced colitis in mice.
__label__0, A panel of three melanocyte differentiation antibodies has been compared with anti-S100 protein and NKIC3 in an assessment of benign and malignant melanocytic lesions.Anti-polyclonal S100 protein labelled all cases of primary cutaneous malignant melanoma, metastatic melanoma, desmoplastic melanoma and myxoid melanomas. In addition all benign and dysplastic naevi were positive. Conversely, HMB 45 was the least sensitive marker, labelling 24/31 primary cutaneous melanomas, 14/24 metastatic melanomas and only 1/6 desmoplastic melanomas. In the case of naevi, only junctional forms labelled consistently. Results for anti-melan-A and anti-tyrosinase were similar, although anti-tyrosinase proved slightly more sensitive in cases of malignant melanoma. NKIC3 revealed similar results to anti-tyrosinase, but had the disadvantage of reduced selectivity.It is concluded that anti-tyrosinase and anti-melan-A are useful additions to the panel of melanocytic monoclonal antibodies. In addition, both antibodies appear to have greater sensitivity for malignant melanoma than the conventionally used HMB 45 and could be considered as supportive markers to polyclonal anti-S100 protein in the diagnosis of malignant melanoma.
__label__0, In this paper we study squeezed vectors, squeezed Kerr vectors, and their phase distributions in a deformed Hilbert space.
__label__0, Why a hermeneutical philosophy of the natural sciences? It is necessary to address the philosophic crisis of realism vs relativism in the natural sciences. This crisis is seen as a part of the cultural crisis that Husserl and Heidegger identified and attributed to the hegemonic role of theoretical and calculative thought in Western societies. The role of theory is addressed using the hermeneutical circle to probe the origin of theoretic meaning in scientific cultural praxes. This is studied in Galileo's discovery of the phases of Venus; the practice of measurement; the different theories and practices of space perception; the historicality and temporality of scientific research communities which ground paradigm change; and the process of discovery. The paper draws particularly from the work of Heidegger. Though envisaging all science and scholarship, the highlighted theme is research in the natural sciences.
__label__0, Boron is an essential micronutrient for plants, but the range between deficient and toxic B concentration is smaller than for any other nutrient element. Plants respond directly to the activity of B in soil solution and only indirectly to B adsorbed on soil constituents. Soil factors affecting availability of B to plants are: pH, texture, moisture, temperature, organic matter and clay mineralogy. Boron adsorbing surfaces in soils are: aluminium and iron oxides, magnesium hydroxide, clay minerals, calcium carbonate, and organic matter. Boron adsorption reactions can be described empirically using the Langmuir adsorption isotherm equation, the Freundlich adsorption isotherm equation, and the phenomenological Keren model. Chemical models such as the constant capacitance model, the triple layer model, and the Stern VSC-VSP model can describe B adsorption over changing conditions of solution pH and B concentration. Boron desorption reactions often exhibit hysteresis. The rate of B desorption can be described using the first order rate equation, the Elovich reaction rate equation, and the power function equation.
__label__0, The performance of a micro soil solution sampling device was tested in a laboratory examination and in a field experiment. The instrument allows detection of temporal and spatial changes in soil solution chemistry at a spatially high resolution. The flexible tube of the suction cell is made of a porous polymer with a diameter of 2.3 mm. To achieve more stability and to minimize disturbance of the instrument during field installation, the original device was modified by embedding the suction cell in a stainless steel and pressure absorbing corpus. During a laboratory test the new sampling system was compared to ceramic P-80 suction cells. Solution samples taken with the new device adapted more quickly to the given concentrations compared to the ceramic suction cells. In a field test, micro samplers were implanted in an existing soil solution monitoring plot, equipped with standard ceramic samplers. Bi-weekly sampling using the micro cells indicated high temporal and spatial variation, and in June 1995 it was possible, to identify a distinct nitrification. However, in a statistical comparison of the entire sampling period and respective sub-sampling areas the two sampler types indicated identical concentration ranges for nitrate. It is concluded that the new micro samplers can help to identify processes in soils which may cause short-term changes in the soil solution chemistry, whereas the standard sampling technique with ceramic cells seems to be still a suitable tool if long-term mean soil solution concentrations are to be measured.
__label__0, Cauliflower (Brassica oleracea var. botrytis) tolerates treatment with 25 µM CdCl2 for eight days, but is killed by that with a 50 µM concentration. However, even 15 µM CdCl2 is toxic in the presence of 1 mM L-buthionine sulfoximine (BSO), suggesting the presence of a Cd-inducible phytochelatin and its involvement in Cd-tolerance in cauliflower. To develop heavy metal-tolerant transgenic plants, we ligated the structural gene of yeast metallothionein gene (CUP1) downstream of CaMV35S promoter and introduced the fused gene into cauliflower. A Cd-tolerant transgenic cauliflower was selected, which grew well in the presence of 400 µM or less Cd, whereas the non-transformed cauliflower tolerated only up to 25 µM Cd. The transgenic cauliflower accumulated more Cd, especially in the upper leaves, than the non-transformed plant.In conclusion, by transfer of the yeast metallothionein gene into cauliflower increased Cd-tolerance and Cd-accumulating ability can be conferred to the plant.
__label__0, Syllogisms with or without negative terms are studied by using Gergonne’s ideas. Soundness, completeness, and decidability results are given.
__label__0, Effects of soil compaction on the microbial populations of melon and maize rhizoplane were investigated in quantity and quality. The numbers of culturable bacteria and fluorescent pseudomonads on the rhizoplane were higher when plants were grown in more compacted soil and the relative increase was larger in fluorescent pseudomonads. Total bacterial counts, however, did not appear to be affected by soil compaction, resulting in the increase in the culturable bacteria among total counts in more compacted soil. The determination of extracellular enzymatic properties (pectinase, α-glucosidase, β-glucosidase and α-galactosidase) of each 100 isolates from bulk soil and root samples suggested that the microbial populations on the rhizoplane, especially when plants were grown in highly, compacted soil, were composed of high ratios of bacteria with abilities to utilize root exudates efficiently. The microbial community structure estimated from the colony forming curves of bulk soil and root samples suggested that the microbial populations on the rhizoplane, especially when plants were grown in compacted soil, were likely to be composed of more r-strategists which were defined as those who formed colonies within 2 days.
__label__0, In short-season soybean production areas, low soil temperature is the major factor limiting soybean establishment, nodulation and nitrogen fixation. Gibberellic acid (GA) pretreatment of crop seeds can overcome low soil temperature inhibition of seed germination and seedling development. However, previous studies have found that the application of GAs decreased legume nodulation and nitrogen fixation under optimal growth conditions. A field experiment was conducted under short season conditions in eastern Canada to determine whether the application of GA3 to soybean seed could accelerate germination, and increase plant nodulation and nitrogen fixation. The results indicated that GA3 application accelerated seedling emergence but decreased plant nodulation and nitrogen accumulation at early plant growth stages. However, these initial negative effects were overcome as the plants developed. Gibberellic acid applied to soybean seed at the time of planting did not influence final grain and protein yield.
__label__0, Several Post-Nouveau Roman detective stories by Jean Lahougue draw on various «intertexts» by writers such as A. Christie, V. Nabokov, or G. Simenon. In each case, the rewriting strategy is different and complex: it combines intertextual (quotations, allusions, etc.), hypertextual (in G. Genette's terminology), generic (the detective model), generative (Roussellian or Nouveau Roman procedures) as well as meta-parodic (using Nabokov or Robbe-Grillet's devices) types of reactivation. To illustrate Lahougue's multiform modes of rewriting, this study focuses on La Doublure de Magrite (1987) in relation to its declared hypotext, Simenon's La Première enquête de Maigret. Along with this analysis, the study proposes a theory of transcriptualisation by first distinguishing 3 main modes of transformation: transcription, transposition and transformation per se. And second, it proposes an inventory of material (verbal) as well as ideal (i.e. semantic, diegetic, etc.) components which are prone to being transferred, transposed, or transformed within this dialogic interrelation. These mutable elements are presented as transcriptible invariants. For instance, three material aspects are considered: the number, the dimension, and the placement of the transcriptual objects. Finally, following Genette and Barthes'; categories, various examples are used to illustrate the other four major narratological parameters (the spatio-temporal or diegetic setting, the action or proaïretic code, the narrative voice, and point of view) which, combined with the three main transformational modes and the three material criteria, can give an overview of the diverse possible cases of transcriptualisation.
__label__0, We solve the problem of two-dimensional flow of a viscous fluid over a rectangular approximation of an etched hole. In the absence of inertia, the problem is solved by a technique involving the matching of biorthogonal infinite eigenfunction expansions in different parts of the domain. Truncated versions of these series are used to compute a finite number of unknown coefficients. In this way, the stream function and its derivatives can be determined in any arbitrary point. The accuracy of the results and the influence of the singularities at the mask-edge corners is discussed. The singularities result in a reduced convergence of the eigenfunction expansions on the interfaces of the different regions. However, accurate results can be computed for the interior points without using a lot of computational time and memory. These results can be used as a benchmark for other methods which will have to be used for geometries involving curved boundaries. The effect of hole size on the flow pattern is also discussed. These flow patterns have a strong influence on the etch rate in the different regions.
__label__0, Root colonization and induction of an iron stress regulated promoter for siderophore production by Pseudomonas fluorescens 2-79RLI was studied in vitro and in the rhizosphere of different plant species. P. fluorescens 2-79RLI was previously genetically modified with an iron regulated ice nucleation reporter, which allowed calibration of ice nucleation activity with siderophore production. Initial experiments examined ice nucleation activity and siderophore production under different growth conditions in vitro. These studies demonstrated that P. fluorescens 2-79RLI could utilize both Fe-citrate and Fe-phytosiderophore as iron sources, suggesting that production of these compounds by plants would increase iron availability for P. fluorescens 2-79RLI in the rhizosphere. Fe demand and Fe stress were further shown to be a function of nutrient availability and were reduced when carbon was limiting for growth. Subsequent experiments extended these observations to rhizosphere cells. Cells were sampled from the rhizosphere and the rhizoplane. Results of a soil microcosm experiment showed that Fe stress was reduced for P. fluorescens 2-79RLI in the barley rhizosphere as compared to the cells in the rhizosphere.of lupin. In lupin, relative Fe stress of P. fluorescens 2-79RLI was greater at the root tip than in the lateral root zone. In a second experiment comparing zucchini and bean, iron stress was greater for P. fluorescens 2-79RLI associated with zucchini than with bean. In a third experiment with rape plants under P deficient conditions, addition of soluble P was shown to increase Fe stress for P. fluorescens 2-79RLI located at the root tip, but not in the lateral root zone. This study showed that Fe stress of P. fluorescens 2-79RLI in the rhizosphere may be influenced by plant species, P source, root zone and localization of the cells within the rhizosphere.
__label__0, The effect of the canopy on leaf decomposition of beech (t Fagus sylvatica) and melojo oak (t Quercus pyrenaica) was studied during a period of 660 days in a mountain forest of central Spain; response of leaves to leaching was also studied to determine the effects of rainfall after leaf fall. Beech leaves lost 5.8% of their weight by leaching, whereas melojo oak leaves lost 13%. Under both types of canopy, beech leaves showed almost no difference in their decomposition patterns, with decay constants of 0.31 and 0.32 respectively. Melojo oak leaves showed quite a different behaviour under both canopies; decay constant was 0.47 under t Quercus pyrenaica and 0.77 under beech canopy. Total immobilization of nitrogen was less in the melojo oak forest. Effects of summer dryness were sharper in the melojo oak forest, where decomposition stopped during the summer. This delay in the decomposition might have been due to the lower canopy density in the melojo oak forest. The decomposition patterns of the leaves of both species, under the canopy of the other species, suggests what might happen in mixed stands. Thus, the presence of melojo oaks in beech forest would increase decay and decrease nitrogen immobilization. The presence of beech trees in melojo oak forests would improve microclimatic conditions and increase decay, whereas beech litter on the soil would immobilizate more nitrogen.
__label__0, This paper is a critical assessment of Paul de Man's pre-deconstructionist work focussing mainly on the essays collected in the first edition of his influential book Blindness and Insight. It is argued that the simultaneity of insight and blindness de Man claims to have detected in other critics' writings bears a strong similarity to the later deconstructionist assumption that texts tend to deconstruct themselves. Where de Man's earlier more phenomenological and existentialist work differs from the later phase is in the emphasis he still placed on consciousness rather than language. An analysis of several key essays also shows that de Man's definition of the essential characteristics of literary language and its relation to reality, his conception of the human subject and of history, are based on an unsustainable epistemological skepticism and that his arguments are often far from clear. In addition, de Man's radical skepticism and textualist tendencies led to a depoliticised conception of history which many of his critics found unacceptable.
__label__0, In species in which boron (B) mobility is limited, B deficiency only occurs in growing plant organs. As a consequence of the highly localized patterns of plant growth and the general immobility of B it has been extremely difficult to determine the primary function of B in plants. In species in which B is phloem mobile, the removal of B from the growth medium results in the depletion of B present in mature leaves. Thus, it is possible to develop mature leaves with increasingly severe levels of B depletion, thereby overcoming the complications of experiments based on growing tissues. Utilizing this approach we demonstrate here that B depletion of mature plum (Prunus salicina) leaves did not result in any discernible change in leaf appearance, membrane integrity or photosynthetic capacity even though B concentrations were reduced to 6-8 µg/g dwt, which is less than 30% of the reported tissue B requirement. Boron depletion, however, results in a severe disruption of plant growth and metabolism in young growing tissues. This experimental evidence and theoretical considerations suggest that the primary and possibly sole function of B, is as a structural component of growing tissues.
__label__0, The article is an analysis of the rhetorical techniques of persuasion in Antony's speech to the Roman mob, and Iago's persuasion of Othello in the temptation scene. The analysis is based on the Gricean maxims of the Co-operative Principle, and the Politeness Principle in normal conversation. These models are all quite accessible to literary readers of Shakespeare's text. This is an attempt to find a middle ground between close textual analysis of a philological kind and the broader polemical vistas of cultural materialism. The writer believes that English studies is fundamentally concerned with the close study of literary texts.
__label__0, The net uptake, distribution and assimilation of NO −3  were studied in pea plants subjected to either long-term continuous Cd treatment for 10 d (10 or 50 μM Cd) or short-term treatment (72 h) with 50 μM Cd. In the latter treatment, the effects of transferring the plants to a Cd-free nutrient solution for a 'recovery period' of 96 h were also studied. All these treatments were compared with 'controls', plants which received no Cd. In both experiments, the reduction in fresh weight was associated with a decrease in the content (%) of shoot and root water and in transpiration rate as Cd concentration increased. The concentration of  −3  in the shoots and sap decreased dramatically and net  −3  uptake was severely inhibited, effects associated with a loss of shoot nitrate reductase (NR) activity. In the short-term Cd treatment, net  −3  uptake was almost completely inhibited after 24 h, but recovered after the transfer of plants to a Cd-free nutrient solution. Similarly, a dramatic decrease in the shoot NR activity was observed. The uptake, distribution and tissue partitioning of K was also studied, which is considered to be the major counterion of  −3 . Potassium uptake was similarly affected by Cd, as inferred from the ratio  −3 /K uptake, which was ca. 10. The ratio K/ −3  tissue content increased in the shoot concomitantly to Cd in both long-term and short-term metal supply. These parameters showed a tendency of K similar to that observed for  −3 , although its relative tissue distribution was not affected by Cd.
__label__0, Every science is built upon a few axioms or general truths, which cannot be logically proved, but accepted as obviously true to actual fact. Conventional statistics is built upon unwarranted assumptions, and therefore it must be replaced by the new statistical thinking which is based on four axioms.
__label__0, The standard reflection or reflection-transmission problems at an interface are examined with the view that the incident, reflected and transmitted waves are superpositions of the elementary waves. Some natural, though uncommon, questions are investigated such as the uniqueness and the basis property of the elementary waves. The problem proves to be always solvable while the uniqueness need not hold even though the causality requirement is obeyed. In elastic, anisotropic, solids causality is shown to imply uniqueness.
__label__0, Maize (t Zea mays L.) is the third most important cereal grown in the world. In South and Central America, maize is mostly grown on acidic soils. On these soils, yields are limited by deficient levels of available P, Ca, and Mg, and toxic levels of Al and Mn. A greenhouse study was conducted with 22 maize genotypes originating from Africa, Europe, and North, Central, and South America on acid, dark red latosol (Typic Haplorthox) at 2%, 41%, and 64% Al saturation at corresponding pH of 5.6, 4.5, and 4.3. With increasing Al levels, the nutrient efficiency ratios (NER = mgs of dry shoot weight / mg of element in shoot) for K, Ca and Mg increased, and NER for P and Zn tended to decrease. Overall, Al-tolerant genotypes produced higher shoot and root weight and had higher NER for P, Ca Mg, and Fe at 41% Al saturation. Genotypes used in this study showed genetic diversity for growth and NER of essential nutrients. It was concluded that selection of acid-soil-tolerant genotypes and further breeding of acid-soil-tolerant maize cultivars are feasible.
__label__0, Laboratory studies were conducted to investigate the effect of phosphorus concentration in residues of cowpea (t Vigna unguiculata, L. Walp) and stylo (t Stylosanthes hamata, L., cv Verano) on their rate of nitrogen mineralisation when incubated in a soil whose P status was deficient for plant growth. Residues with a range of P concentrations were obtained by applying varying rates of P to soil in which the plants were grown in the field or the glasshouse. Variations in P concentration of field- or glasshouse-grown residues were not accompanied by variations in other chemical components (C:N ratio, lignin and polyphenol concentrations). Both lignin and polyphenol concentrations were higher in the field-grown than in the glasshouse-grown residues. Lignin concentration was greater in cowpea than in stylo, but polyphenols were higher in stylo. Cowpea residues mineralised N less rapidly than stylo. N mineralisation from residues with low P concentration was consistently less than from those of higher P concentration; reduced mineralisation was observed for P concentration in the residues below 1.6 g kg−1. When inorganic P was added to the residue-soil systems, N mineralisation from the residues was increased, though no interaction between the effects of adding inorganic P and P concentration in the residues was observed.
__label__0, The effects of green manures, sorghum residues and farmyard manure on N dynamics and crop yields were studied during three dry and wet seasons on a Typic Sombriudox in South Rwanda. In addition, a resin core study was conducted within a 4-year green manure field experiment to follow the seasonal pattern of N mineralization and leaching after application of residues from Tephrosia vogelii, Sorghum bicolor, a mixture of both materials, and farmyard manure.During the dry season, topsoil (0–20 cm) mineral N remained constant. At the beginning of the wet season, the rainfall pattern determined N availability. With low rainfall intensities a mineralization flush occurred, doubling topsoil mineral N concentrations within 5 days after wetting. In contrast, under heavy rains at the onset of the rainy season, topsoil mineral N decreased by 50–70% within the first two weeks.The application of organic fertilizers has a strong influence on N availability, but the effects can be negated by heavy rainfall. Incorporation of leaves from Tephrosia vogelii (2.7 t dm ha-1) and farmyard manure (7 t dm ha-1) doubled the mineralization flush after the first rains. During the rest of the wet season, N release by the green manure was small, whereas the farmyard manure was found to mobilize N after a period of N immobilization. Incorporation of sorghum residues had only a small effect, while mixing the straw with green and farmyard manure immobilized N temporarily.Nitrogen leaching, measured by exchange resins at a depth of 20 cm, was increased up to 50% by the incorporation of green and farmyard manure. This points to rapid N translocation of easily mineralizable N. The additional incorporation of sorghum residues reduced N leaching of both materials significantly. Since rainfall is often unpredictable, the synchronization of N released from crop residues with crop N demand may require additional management practices.
__label__0, Groundnuts have a superior ability to take up P from soils with low P fertility compared to sorghum and soybean. Previous experiments showed that this ability was neither attributable to better root development nor to root exudates capable of solubilizing Fe- and Al-bound P, the sparingly soluble P forms in soils. Direct "contact reactions" between cell wall components from these 3 plant species (groundnut, soybean and sorghum) and P-fixing Fe and Al minerals were examined. Cell wall preparations from groundnut roots showed a superior P solubilizing ability than those of soybean and sorghum. Cell wall activity of groundnut roots may thus at least partly explain the superior growth of this crop under P-deficient conditions. To characterize the active site responsible for P solubilization, effects of pH, heat, addition of cations, and digestion with enzymes (pectinase and cellulase) or HCl on P solubilization were investigated. Conclusion are 1) Solubilizing ability is not related to root CEC because soybean with higher root CEC showed an inferior solubilizing ability compared to groundnut. 2) The reaction site of cell-walls of groundnut roots is stable against heating and digestion with cellulase and pectinase. 3) Solubilizing ability was severely reduced by digestion with HCl. 4) Pre-treating cell walls with either Al3+, Fe3+, or Ga3+ decreased solubilizing ability but cations with lower valency such as Na+, K+, Ca2+ or Mg2+ had no effect. Soaking roots of groundnuts grown in solution culture in 0.5 M NaOH for 30 seconds prior to cell wall preparation led to a 30% reduction in solubilization of P from FePO4 without permanently damaging plants. This suggests that 5) the active component of the cell walls was located on the root epidermal cell surfaces. Based on these results a phosphorus solubilizing mechanism is proposed.
__label__0, Plant roots penetrate into the subsoil from which they may take up heavy metals, resulting in accumulation in the plant. The subsoil may contain heavy metals, possibly as a result of ploughing down contaminated topsoil. This is why the effect of Cd in the subsoil on Cd plant uptake was studied in outdoor miniplots in eight consecutive years. Cd (as Cd(NO3)2.4H2O) was added to four different layers of two soils (a sand and a sandy loam) at the start of the experiment. Nine arable and vegetable crops were grown and analysed for Cd. For most investigated crops Cd uptake increased linearly with increasing depth of Cd addition to the soils and for some crops (spinach and potato) the increase was exponential (decreasing increase). Cd uptake by crops on sand was higher than on sandy loam. As most investigated crops accumulated Cd from the subsoil, ploughing down a Cd-contaminated topsoil into the subsoil is a risk for the safe production of food and feed crops. It is concluded that acceptable Cd concentration levels in soils should not only be based an the Cd concentration in the topsoil but also on that in the rooted subsoil.
__label__0, The effects of low-P growth conditions on growth and net P acquisition were examined in two species of pine that are indigenous to P-deficient soils of the Atlantic Coastal Plain: pond pine (Pinus serotina Michx.), a moderately-fast growing pine, and a slow-growing seed source of loblolly pine P. taeda L.) from Texas. Short-term 32P uptake experiments were conducted using intact nonmycorrhizal seedlings that had been grown for 7 weeks in continuously-flowing solution culture at 5 or 100 µM P. Growth and P uptake of pond pine were more responsive to a higher P supply than the slow-growing loblolly pine. Pond pine seedlings in the 100 µM P treatment were twice the size of those grown in 5 µM P and accumulated almost five times as much seedling P. In contrast, seedling biomass of loblolly pine increased by only 8% under high-P growth conditions, and seedlings accumulated twice as much P, reflecting the higher P concentrations in shoot and root tissues. Although rates of unidirectional influx of 32P were 22 and 61% higher under low-P growth conditions in pond and loblolly pine, respectively, net uptake rates in seedlings from the 5 µM P treatment were over three times those of seedlings grown in 100 µM P. These results suggest that unidirectional efflux out of the root was controlling net uptake of P as much, if not more, than unidirectional influx. Efflux of32 P out of root tissue, particularly older tissue, decreased in seedlings grown under low-P conditions, possibly due to a reduction in the size of the phosphorus pool available for efflux, i.e. the soluble Pi pool. Over 75% of the total root P in both loblolly and pond pine seedlings grown in 100 µM P treatment was present as organic P, suggesting that organic P, particularly phytate, may represent important storage pools in roots of woody species. Within each species, higher rates of influx and net uptake in seedlings from the low-P treatment were associated with lower P concentrations in shoot and root tissue, and shoot FW:root FW ratios. Efflux may represent a short-term means of regulating net P uptake, while the “demand” for P created by growth and storage may represent a long-term regulation.
__label__0, The essay deals with the question whether the ending of Kleist's last drama actually warrants the interpretation, still current in recent criticism, that the Prince's mock-execution leads him to a harmoniously balanced relation to society, thus solving the conflict between state and individual. Doubting this, the author follows a different critical trend which disputes the happy solution for the ending. The argumentation for this different view finds new support in the Prince's monologues and a thorough re-interpretation of the last scene. It is inherent in the nature of the subject that in the end there remain again more new questions than the essay itself could answer.
__label__0, Arsenic (As) uptake by two perennial coastal marsh grasses growing in hydroponic conditions was studied in relation to the chemical form and concentration of As added to nutrient solution. A 4×3×2 factorial experiment was conducted with treatments consisting of four As chemical forms [arsenite, As(III); arsenate, As(V); monomethyl arsonic acid, MMAA; and dimethyl arsinic acid, DMAA], three As concentrations (0.2, 0.8, and 2.0 mg As L-1) and two plant species (Spartina patens and Spartina alterniflora). Arsenic phytoavailability and phytotoxicity were primarily determined by the As chemical form present in the nutrient solution, though As concentration also influenced both As availability and toxicity. Application of As(V) increased root, shoot and total dry matter production; this positive plant growth response may be linked with P nutrition. Organic arsenicals and As(III) were the most phytotoxic species to both marsh grasses when plant growth was considered. Arsenic uptake and transport in plant were species-specific. Phytoavailability of As followed the trend DMAA ≪MMAA ≅ As(V) < As(III). Root and shoot As concentrations significantly increased with increasing As application rates to the rooting medium, regardless of the As chemical form. Upon absorption, inorganic arsenicals and MMAA were mainly accumulated in the root system, while DMAA was readily translocated to the shoot.
__label__0, We previously reported that application of plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR) increased soybean growth and development and, specifically, increased nodulation and nitrogen fixation over a range of root zone temperatures (RZTs) in controlled environment studies. In order to expand on the previous studies, field experiments were conducted on two adjacent sites, one fumigated with methyl bromide and one nonfumigated, in 1994. Two experiments were conducted at each site, one involving combinations of two soybean cultivars and two PGPR strains, the other involving the same factors, but also in combination with two strains Bradyrhizobium japonicum. Soybean grain yield and protein yield were measured. The results of these experiments indicated that co-inoculation of soybean with B. japonicum and Serratia liquefaciens 2-68 or Serratia proteamaculans 1-102 increased soybean grain yield, protein yield, and total plant protein production, compared to the nontreated controls, in an area with low spring soil temperatures. Interactions existed between PGPR application and soybean cultivar, suggesting that PGPRs applied to cultivars with higher yield potentials were more effective. PGPRs applied to the rhizosphere without addition of B. japonicum also increased only leaf area and seed number at the fumigated site. Overall, inoculation of soybean plants with PGPRs in the presence of B. japonicum increased soybean grain yield, grain protein yield, and total plant protein production under short season conditions.
__label__0, The twin conceptions of (1) natural law as causal structure and (2) explanation as passage from phenomenon to cause, are two sides of a certain philosophical coin, to which I shall offer an alternative – Humean – currency. The Humean alternative yokes together a version of the regularity conception of law and a conception of explanation as passage from one regularity, to another which has it as an instance but of which it is not itself an instance. I will show that the regularity conception of law is the basis of a distinguished branch of physical mechanics; thus the Humean conception of law, like its better-loved rival, enjoys the support of a venerated tradition in mechanical theory – in fact, that strand which culminates in quantum theory. I shall also offer an account of explanatory asymmetry, a natural companion to the Humean conception of explanation as passage from one regularity to another of greater scope, as an alternative to van Fraassen's unsatisfactory account. My account of asymmetry is just as free of reliance on context as it is free of reliance on cause. I shall thus proclaim that explanatory asymmetry is at once a reality deserving of philosophical treatment – one not to be given over to the care of psychology or linguistics – and at the same time susceptible of an account worthy of Hume.
__label__0, One-year old, nursery-grown longleaf pine (Pinus palustris Mill.) seedlings were grown in 45-L pots containing a coarse sandy medium and were exposed to two concentrations of atmospheric CO2 (365 or 720 μmol-1) and two levels of nitrogen (N) fertility (40 or 400 kg N ha-1 yr-1) within open top chambers for 20 months. At harvest, needles, stems, coarse roots, and fine roots were separated and weighed. Subsamples of each tissue were frozen in liquid N, lyophilized at -50°C, and ground to pass a 0.2 mm sieve. Tissue samples were analyzed for carbon (C), N, nonpolar extractives (fats, waxes, and oils = FWO), nonstructural carbohydrates (total sugars and starch), and structural carbohydrates (cellulose, lignin, and tannins). Increased dry weights of each tissue were observed under elevated CO2 and with high N; however, main effects of CO2 were significant only on belowground tissues. The high N fertility tended to result in increased partitioning of biomass aboveground, resulting in significantly lower root to shoot ratios. Elevated CO2 did not affect biomass allocation among tissues. Both atmospheric CO2 and N fertility tended to affect concentration of C compounds in belowground, more than aboveground, tissues. Elevated CO2 resulted in lower concentrations of starch, cellulose, and lignin, but increased concentrations of FWO in root tissues. High N fertility increased the concentration of starch, cellulose, and tannins, but resulted in lower concentrations of lignin and FWO in roots. Differences between CO2 concentrations tended to occur only with high N fertility. Atmospheric CO2 did not affect allocation patterns for any compound; however the high N treatment tended to result in a lower percentage of sugars, cellulose, and lignin belowground.
__label__0, Containerized Chinese fir (Cunninghamia lanceolata (Lamb) Hook) were reared from seed at four fertilizer levels (0, 15, 45, 75 mg N seedling-1 season-1) and two topdressing schedules (conventional or exponential) for a 22-week greenhouse rotation to assess growth, nutrition and nutrient loading capacity of seedlings. Extra P supplemented high fertilization (or nutrient loading) treatments to test for induced deficiency of this element. The schedule and rate of fertilization significantly affected growth and nutrient dynamics of the seedlings. Steady-state nutrition and superior growth performance were achieved by seedlings fertilized exponentially at the operational dose (15 mg N), yielding 23, 72 and 52% more in respective biomass, N uptake and P uptake than seedlings fertilized conventionally at the equivalent dose. The improved growth and fertilizer efficiency were attributed to close synchronization of exponential nutrient supply with exponential growth and nutrient demand of plants. High dose exponential fertilization (45 and 75 mg N) induced steady state-nutrition late in the season, increasing seedling N and P uptake by 72–83% and 50–96% compared to low dose exponential fertilization, demonstrating effective nutrient loading of plants without changing biomass. The extra P stimulated P uptake without altering growth or N uptake, thus P was probably not limiting during the greenhouse culture despite high N additions.
__label__0, Advances in laser-assisted deposition have enabled the production of hard composites consisting of nanocrystalline and amorphous materials. Deposition conditions were selected to produce super-tough coatings, where controlled formation of dislocations, nanocracks and microcracks was permitted as stresses exceeded the elastic limit. This produced a self-adjustment in the composite deformation from hard elastic to quasiplastic, depending on the applied stress, which provided coating compliance and eliminated catastrophic failure typical of hard and brittle materials. The load-adaptive concept was used to design super-tough coatings consisting of nanocrystalline (10–50 nm) TiC grains embedded in an amorphous carbon matrix (about 30 vol%). They were deposited at near room temperature on steel surfaces and studied using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, scanning electron microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, nanoindentation and scratch tests. Design concepts were verified using composition–structure–property investigations in the TiC–amorphous carbon (a-C) system. A fourfold increase in the toughness of hard (32 GPa) TiC–a-C composites was achieved in comparison with nanocrystalline single-phase TiC.
__label__0, The formation of nanocrystals after implantation of silver alone as well as together with the halogen ions Cl, Br and I into a SiO2 layer of about 100 nm was studied by X-ray diffraction and transmission electron microscopy. The co-implantation of Ag and Cl or Br results in the formation of cubic AgX crystals which are stable in size under annealing. The co-implantation of Ag and I as well as single Ag implantation result in Ag crystallites, which grow under annealing. The annealing procedure causes a redistribution of the particles within the layer.
__label__0, The purpose of the paper is to compare results of estimation and inference concerning covariate effects as obtained from two approaches to the analysis of survival data with multiple causes of failure. The first approach involves a dynamic model for the cause-specific hazard rate. The second is based on a static logistic regression model for the conditional probability of having had an event of interest. The influence of sociodemographic characteristics on the rate of family initiation and, more importantly, on the choice between marriage and cohabitation as a first union, is examined. We found that results, generally, are similar across the methods considered. Some issues in relation to censoring mechanisms and independence among causes of failure are discussed.
__label__0, The rhizosphere is one of the key fine-scale components of C cycles. This study was undertaken to improve understanding of the potential effects of atmospheric CO2 increase on rhizosphere processes. Using C isotope techniques, we found that elevated atmospheric CO2 significantly increased wheat plant growth, dry mass accumulation, rhizosphere respiration, and soluble C concentrations in the rhizosphere. When plants were grown under elevated CO2 concentration, soluble C concentration in the rhizosphere increased by approximately 60%. The degree of elevated CO2 enhancement on rhizosphere respiration was much higher than on root biomass. Averaged between the two nitrogen treatments and compared with the ambient CO2 treatment, wheat rhizosphere respiration rate increased 60% and root biomass only increased 26% under the elevated CO2 treatment. These results indicated that elevated atmospheric CO2 in a wheat-soil system significantly increased substrate input to the rhizosphere due to both increased root growth and increased root activities per unit of roots. Nitrogen treatments changed the effect of elevated CO2 on soil organic matter decomposition. Elevated CO2 increased soil organic matter decomposition (22%) in the nitrogen-added treatment but decreased soil organic matter decomposition (18%) without nitrogen addition. Soil nitrogen status was therefore found to be important in determining the directions of the effect of elevated CO2 on soil organic matter decomposition.
__label__0, Continuously consumed electrodes are used in the manufacture of ferro alloys, aluminium, silicon metal and calcium carbide. The raw material for the electrodes is a carbon paste which is normally added to the electrode in large solid sections. The option of manufacturing such electrodes from small paste ‘briquettes’ is examined with respect to an industrial experiment used to predict the quality of a briquette-formed electrode. It is shown that successful predictive models may be formulated using a two-phase slow-flow approach. Consideration is also given to the briquette manufacture of Persson and Bruff electrodes, two different commercially important devices for the production of silicon.
__label__0, Influence of urea application on growth parameters (shoot height, and weight, root volume, weight and porosity; number of tillers; grain yield) and their relationship with methane (CH4) flux was investigated in Oryza sativa (var. Pant Dhan-4) under flooded soil condition. The study design consisted of (a) fertilized vegetated, (b) control vegetated, (c) fertilized bare, and (d) control bare plots. Crop growth and CH4 flux measurements were conducted from 9 to 115 days of rice transplanting at regular intervals of 10 days. Results showed that there were significant differences due to days (dates of measurement) and fertilization in all growth parameters except shoot height. Day × fertilization interaction was significant for all growth parameters. CH4 fluxes ranged from 0.4 to 20.2, 0.1 to 11.9, 0.09 to 2.2 and 0.004 to 1.5 mg m-2 h-1 under treatments (a), (b), (c) and (d), respectively. Maximum CH4 flux was recorded at the flowering stage. All the growth parameters, including number of tillers, showed strong positive relationship with total methane flux. Root porosity was also strongly correlated with total CH4 emission. It was concluded that CH4 emission was substantially influenced by crop phenology and growth, and fertilization. The study emphasizes the substrate production and conduit effects of rice plants on CH4 flux.
__label__0, In the sandy soils of eastern Virginia, soybean seedlings are colonized by hypovirulent and virulent isolates of Fusarium oxysporum and F. solani. Our objectives were to determine if prior inoculation of soybean seeds with hypovirulent F. oxysporum isolates reduced severity of seedling disease in naturally infested soil, and to determine if there was an association between the presence of dsRNA mycovirus and hypovirulence in isolates of F. oxysporum and F. solani from soybean plants. The presence of dsRNA was not associated with hypovirulence in F. oxysporum since some hypovirulent isolates contained dsRNA while other hypovirulent isolates did not. Furthermore, of six dsRNA-containing F. oxysporum isolates, three were hypovirulent and three were virulent. Four segments of dsRNA, with sizes of 4.0, 3.1, 2.7 and 2.2 kb were detected in extracts of all six F. oxysporum isolates. No hypovirulent or dsRNA-containing of F. solani isolates were found. Prior inoculation of cv. Essex soybean seeds with conidia of dsRNA-free hypovirulent F. oxysporum isolates significantly (P < 0.05) reduced disease severity on cotyledons and hypocotyls, and increased the rate of seedling emergence in field soil, compared to control plants. No significant (P > 0.05) differences were found between dsRNA-containing and dsRNA-free hypovirulent F. oxysporum isolates in their effects on reducing disease severity. Hypovirulent isolates that colonize soybean tissues may play a role in reducing Fusarium seedling disease of soybean in natural soils.
__label__0, Amorphous In2Te3 was prepared in both bulk form, by quenching the molten material, and thin-film form, by the thermal evaporation technique. X-ray diffraction analysis showed that the prepared samples in bulk and as-deposited thin-film forms were in the amorphous state. β- and α-phases of In2Te3 were prepared by annealing bulk samples at 615 and 813 K, respectively. Films annealed at 573 K give β-phase polycrystalline structure. The electrical conductivity for the as-deposited In2Te3 films increases with increasing film thickness. The conduction activation energy, ΔEσ, of the as-prepared bulk and thin film samples were found to be 0.516 and 0.521 eV. The corresponding values of room-temperature electrical conductivity, σRT, for these samples are 1.1×10-6 and 7.15×10-7Ω-1m-1, respectively. The observed change in the value of σRT may be due to the difference in the structure of bulk and thin-film samples. The increase of ΔEσ with annealing temperature for both bulk and thin-film samples is interpreted in terms of the density of states model proposed by Mott and Davis. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Gaseous nitriding at temperatures of 550, 590 and 630 °C (823, 863 and 903 K), was applied for various times to three different steels (16 MnCr 5, 30 CrMoV 9 and 34 CrAlNi 7). In a second stage, two or three of these temperatures were combined to investigate the effects of step-nitriding. Hardness profiles were measured with low-load hardness testing to determine the growth of the case depth after nitriding. Microhardness testing was carried out on selected samples to investigate the hardness profile at the transition from the compound to the diffusion layer, including the transformed austenite layer. Effects, possibilities and limits of an application at higher than usual nitriding temperatures are discussed, emphasizing especially the effects of precipitation ageing and the influence of the porous zone. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Tolerance to lead of three of Allium cepa L. varieties grown from seeds and bulbs was compared. In all cases plants developing from bulbs were found more tolerant to lead than those developing from seeds. During 10 days of exposure to lead, the difference in the tolerance index between adventitious and seedling roots was 24% on average (7-61% depending on the plant variety and the dose of lead), which was significant. In all cases, the seedlings contained more lead in their tissues than the plants that had developed from bulbs. This observation may explain a difference in lead tolerance between these developmental phases of Allium cepa.
__label__0, Let M6(K,*) be the 6 × 6 matrix algebra with symplectic involution over a field K of characteristic 0. We consider *-polynomial identities in symmetric to the involution matrices and prove that their minimal degree in M6(K,*) is 9. For special *-polynomials we make the conjecture that their minimal degree in M2n(K,*) for n ≥ 2 is 4n.
__label__0, We proposed Fe2Si5 based alloys with a small amount of Cu as new Fe–Si thermoelectric materials. A few acicular structures enriched in Cu were newly formed in slowly solidified alloys containing Cu above 0.2 at%. α single phase structure was formed by a conventional solidification process in alloys below 0.2 at% Cu. β phase was only formed by the eutectoid reaction (α→β+Si). Differential thermal analysis, X-ray diffraction and structure observation clearly confirmed that the eutectoid reaction rate was drastically enhanced by the addition of a small amount of Cu and its rate decreased with decrease of Cu content. Its rate also depended on the annealing temperature and it was maximum at about 1073 K for most alloys. The addition of only 0.1 at% Cu was still very effective in Mn or Co doped alloys. The final structure after the eutectoid reaction in these alloys was duplex composed of β and Si. The size of Si decreased with decrease of Cu content and the annealing temperature. Transmission electron microscope observation showed that β was transformed from α with many planar faults (stacking fault) that will act as a drag resistance for the transformation. We speculated that the addition of Cu probably decreased the stacking fault energy so as to decrease the drag force and to enhance the formation rate.
__label__0, Soil cores were taken to estimate root length prior to transplanting and after 60 days growth of a dry season sorghum crop in an agroforestry experiment in a semi-arid region of north-east Nigeria. The experiment compared sorghum grown alone and with two tree species (Acacia nilotica subsp adstringens and Prosopis juliflora) and one management treatment (pruning of tree crowns). Data on soil water content were collected from 6 days before and 20, 60 and 110 days after sorghum transplanting. The main findings were: (i) Per unit root length, A. nilotica had a more negative effect on sorghum above and below ground than P. juliflora. This appeared to be correlated with greater rates of water extraction from layers of soil shared with crop roots; (ii) Crown pruning substantially reduced the competitive effect of P. juliflora on crop yield but did not affect the impact of A. nilotica on intercropped sorghum. Since the impact of pruning on tree-crop competition varies with species, tree species selection and management will be a key factor in determining the feasibility of dryland agroforestry systems.
__label__0, Room temperature formability testing was performed on an AlMg6.8 type alloy sheet with a fully recrystallized structure (average grain diameter ∼18 μm) and after partial annealing with a retained deformed structure. The yield strengths attained after full recrystallization and after partial annealing, were 175 and 283 MPa respectively. Such an increase in strength is followed by formability degradation, maximized around the plain strain state to either 42%, as obtained using the limiting dome height test (LDH), or 35% after using forming limit curves (FLC). A comparison with known high-strength formable alloys has shown that the tested alloy in the recrystallized condition has a better stretch formability (at the same or even higher yield stress level), while in the unrecrystallized-partially annealed condition it has a lower formability, limiting its application to moderate forming requirements for very high-strength parts. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, The differences in the solute distribution in microstructure of Pd40Ni40P20 alloy solidified on board a Chinese retrievable satellite and on the ground were studied. In comparison with those crystallized under normal gravity conditions (1 g), it was found that the P content was lower, but the Pd content was higher in the primary phase in microgravity conditions (μ g). In the eutectic region the P content, however, was increased but the Pd content was decreased. The differences in solute distribution crystallized under 1 g and μ g conditions show the influence of buoyancy convection on the mass transport coefficient in liquids under normal gravity conditions. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Around the world large tracts of forest, previously available for production, have been reserved for nature conservation. This means that wood supply must be met from a reduced land base, including land of low productivity. In addition there are likely to be increasing demands on the use of managed forests for sequestering C as one means of reducing the build up of atmospheric CO2. One way for the forest industry to meet the demands of increased production would be through the use of fertilizers. Substantially increased growth from fertilizer N application has been measured in many cases while, in the northern hemisphere, atmospheric N deposition has been associated with increased growth in some forests.The possibility of using fertilizer N to increase growth, and the effect on the forest and soil, was studied in a research trial area in north-east Tasmania, Australia. Nitrogen was applied for 12 years to a 16 year old P. radiata stand in a low rainfall zone. Growth and foliar nutrient concentrations were measured to age 34 years, to determine change after attainment of steady state growth at age 25 years, and following cessation of fertilizing at age 29 years. Biomass sampling was carried out at ages 25 years, 29 years, and 34 years.Growth at the steady peak rate achieved in the fertilizer plots, of 31 m3 ha-1 periodic annual increment, was accompanied by changes in the N nutrient pools. Surface applied N built up in the surface litter layer while this layer was increasing, from 15 t ha-1 to nearly 50 t ha-1, and fertilizer was being applied between ages 25 and 29 years. Decline of total N in the soil, between ages 25 and 29 years, indicated continued uptake from that source even though fertilizer was being applied. Subsequent increases in soil N, through leaching from the litter layer, followed cessation of fertilizing.Following cessation of annual applications of N fertilizer, growth rates declined by less than 15% and remained substantially (>150%) above the control growth rates for 4 years. Over a 3 year period foliar N concentrations declined steadily, to the same as control plots, although mass of needles was not reduced 5 years after cessation of fertilizer applications and remained significantly above that of the control plots.Without fertilizers, N for new foliage must be supplied from internal recycling and from mineralization of litter and soil organic matter. There were net losses of N from the foliage and the wood, estimated at around 12 kg N ha-1 yr-1, for the fertilized trees for the 5 years following cessation of fertilizing. This indicated retention and recycling within the tree of a considerable proportion of the 104 kg N ha-1 in the foliage, at age 29 years. As rates of mineralization of soil N were likely to be low, this retention of N within the tree was important in maintaining growth rates.In the forest ecosystems investigated, with low initial content of soil organic matter and N, fertilizer N produced improved tree health and substantially increased growth, thus providing the opportunity to manage this forest for increased wood production or C sequestration. Although there was a substantial build up of N and C in the litter on the fertilized treatment, incorporation of N and C into the mineral soil was slow. Over 12 years 1.34 t N ha-1 had been applied, comparable to 40 years of atmospheric deposition at 30 kg N ha-1. There were no signs of detrimental effects from this application.
__label__0, Endophyte-infected (E+) tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea Schreb.) plants grown in phosphorus (P) deficient soils accumulate more P in roots and shoots than noninfected isolines. In a growth chamber experiment, four tall fescue genotypes DN2, DN4, DN7, and DN11, infected with their naturally occurring strains of Neotyphodium coenophialum (Morgan-Jones & Gams) Glenn, Bacon & Hanlin, and their noninfected isolines (E-), were cultivated in nutrient solution at two P levels: 31 ppm (P+) and 0 ppm (P-) for 4 wk. The Fe3+ reducing activity of extracellular reductants and intact root tissues, and total phenolic concentration in roots and shoots were measured. Endophyte infection significantly increased Fe3+ reducing activity rate of extracellular reductants (9.6 × 10-3 μmol Fe3+ h-1 g-1 root FW) when compared to E- plants (3.9 × 10-3) and Fe3+ reduction rate of intact root tissues (6.16 and 4.48 μmol Fe3+ h-1 g-1 root FW, respectively for E+ and E- plants). In response to P deficiency, Fe3+ reduction rate of intact root tissues increased in E+ plants by 375% when compared to E- plants, whereas no significant differences were observed when P was provided. Total phenolic concentration was 20% greater in shoots of E+ plants than in E- plants. In response to P deficiency, total phenolic concentration significantly increased in roots of E+ plants by 7%, and decreased in roots of E- plants by 10%. The most active Fe3+ reducing zones were located along branching of secondary and tertiary roots. The Fe3+ reducing activity on the root surface and total phenolic concentration in roots and shoots increased dramatically in response to endophyte infection, especially under P limiting conditions.
__label__0, Diffraction of internal waves by a submerged body in a uniform current of a two-layer fluid is considered. The layers are infinitely deep, and the flows are two-dimensional. The linearized potential theory is used for the inviscid and incompressible fluid. The solution for the circular cylinder, which is either below or above the interface, is given in the form of rapidly converging series. This is achieved through the use of certain recursive relations. Numerical results are provided for the exciting forces, wave resistance and lift which may be useful in testing numerical methods used for the study of internal wave diffraction by a submerged body of arbitrary form.
__label__0, Pyrolytic carbon was infiltrated into porous carbon or two-dimensionally woven carbon fibre (2D-C)/SiC particulate preforms using pressure-pulsed chemical vapour infiltration from C6H6 (3–16%)–H2–N2 at 1273–1373 K. Residual porosity of porous carbon decreased from 29 to 10% after 1×104 pulses at 1323 K, and that of 2D-C/SiC particulate preform decreased from 30 to 7.5% after 4×104 pulses at 1273 K. Flexural strength of 2D-C/SiC preform reached about 150 MPa.
__label__0, The anelastic behaviour of some porous media has been studied as a function of their water content. The investigated systems (oxides, calcite, carbon) have been chosen to provide various chemical as well as physical environments to the fluid. From the chemical point of view, the hydrophilic/hydrophobic balance has been considered. The hydrophilic character of the oxides has been varied by heat treatments. Naturally hydrophobic graphite has been made hydrophilic by oxidation. The experimental results point to the large influence of the first water monolayer on the anelastic properties of the composite media. The main physical character taken into account is the crack aspect ratio i.e. the ratio of the smallest to largest dimension of the pores. Two models have been considered. In the first one anelasticity results from the molecular motion of the adsorbate inside the fluid phase. The second one is a grain-to-grain contact model which takes into account the known variations of the coefficient of friction with hydration of the surfaces. The physical state of water in the low content range is discussed: it is conjectured to be liquid. The maximum in the damping efficiency of the composite as the water content is varied is still a matter of debate. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Mossbauer spectroscopy and X-ray diffraction were used to investigate the synthesis of nanocomposite powders by reactive milling of a variety of blends of aluminium and metallic oxides corresponding to the target compositions: Al2O3–(Fe,Cr,Ni) alloys. Particular emphasis was given to the (Fe,Cr) and (Fe,Ni) binaries with chromium contents ranging between 0.13 and 0.60 and nickel contents between 0.10 and 0.80, respectively. Several compositions in the iron-rich part of the ternary with chromium in the 0.18–0.20 range were also investigated. The essential steps of the reaction mechanisms were identified as functions of milling time and initial composition. A number of transient phases, some metastable under normal conditions at room temperature were observed. Chemical heterogeneities and their changes in the metallic phases were also characterized semi-quantitatively and the possibility of side effects, such as partial dissolution of not yet reacted Cr2O3 into newly formed Al2O3, was considered. Finally, some of the as-milled powders were subsequently heat treated for 1 h at 1100 °C to explore their structural changes and progress towards homogenization via the same experimental techniques. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, The microstructure and dry sliding wear behaviour of XDTM ZL201–TiB2 in situ composite were studied by scanning electron microscopy, transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, pin-on-ring friction and wear testing. The microstructural constituents of the ZL201–TiB2 composite aged at 175°C for various ageing times were found to be dispersive submicrometre TiB2 particles, fine θ″, θ′-precipitates and α-Al solid solutions. As contrasted to the unreinforced ZL201 alloy, the ZL201–TiB2 composite possessed a higher microhardness and wear-resistance as well as a shorter ageing time for peak hardness. With the increase of sliding distance, transition of the dominant wear mechanism for the ZL201–TiB2 composite occurred from adhesive wear to fatigue wear in sliding contacts. At the earlier stages of wear, adhesive wear characteristics featured by mild scratchings and plastic smearing were observed on the worn surface and platelet-type wear debris; but at the later stages, contact fatigue failure of a relatively thick surface layer in relative motion, which revealed a build-up of layer-like structure and the presence of spherical particles of debris, became the dominant factor for the removal of composites. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Litter accumulates on the forest floor in Pinus patula Schlechtd. et Cham. plantations in Mpumalanga, South Africa especially in high altitude sites, as a result of an imbalance between litter production and decomposition. To determine which factor caused this increase we measured litter production in an age series of P. patula growing at low and high altitude sites. Litter production was shown to increase with increasing stand. The average annual litter production figure ranged from 3.64 to 5.89 t ha-1 yr-1 measured over a two-year period, with maximum litterfall occurring from mid-winter to early spring. Litter accumulation, as measured by litter depth, ranged from 39 to 121 mm. No significant relationship existed between litter production and altitude; however, litter accumulation was shown to increase with increasing stand age and increasing altitude. Increased litter production was, therefore, not responsible for the accumulation of litter in high altitude sites.
__label__0, CaO–Al2O3–SiO2 –La2O3–Nd2O3 glass was prepared and their physical properties, such as density, glass transition temperature and crystallization temperature, were measured. The heat treatment of these glasses precipitated Ca2La8(SiO4)6O2 oxyapatite (CLS) crystal for 20CaO–10Al2O3–60SiO2–10La2O3 (mol%) glass and Ca2Nd8(SiO4)6O2 oxyapatite (CNS) crystal was precipitated with Nd2O3 substitution. Crystallization of these glasses was observed at the surface and internally within the samples. The spherical and stick-like crystals were observed throughout the bulk of the glasses and the surface crystal layer of oxyapatite crystals were strongly oriented along the c-axis. The apparent activation energies of crystal growth were estimated as 360 kJ mol−1.
__label__0, We define infinitary extensions to classical epistemic logic systems, and add also a common belief modality, axiomatized in a finitary, fixed-point manner. In the infinitary K system, common belief turns to be provably equivalent to the conjunction of all the finite levels of mutual belief. In contrast, in the infinitary monotonic system, common belief implies every transfinite level of mutual belief but is never implied by it. We conclude that the fixed- point notion of common belief is more powerful than the iterative notion of common belief.
__label__0, This paper presents a calculus for mereotopological reasoning in which two-dimensional spatial regions are treated as primitive entities. A first order predicate language \(\mathcal{L}\)with a distinguished unary predicate c(x), function-symbols , · and − and constants 0 and 1 is defined. An interpretation \(\Re \)for \({\mathcal{L}}\)is provided in which polygonal open subsets of the real plane serve as elements of the domain. Under this interpretation the predicate c(x) is read as ‘region x is connected’ and the function-symbols and constants are given their meaning in terms of a Boolean algebra of polygons. We give an alternative interpretation \({\mathfrak{S}}\) based on the real closed plane which turns out to be isomorphic to \(\Re \)A set of axioms and a rule of inference are introduced. We prove the soundness and completeness of the calculus with respect to the given interpretation.
__label__0, In the seventeenth century it was common practice to publish satire anonymously. This is true of both the French original written by François Hédelin and of the German translation that appeared in 1659. On the basis of strong circumstantial evidence, the article identifies the translator as Isaac Clauss who was born and raised in Strasbourg, a city with a long and venerable tradition of satirical literature (Brant, Moscherosch).While the wrath of the two authors is directed in general at the hedonism and superficiality of a younger generation and in particular at its obsession with pre- and extramarital sex and the consequent implications for the social and cosmic order, the translation itself, modelled on Luther and Opitz, reflects cultural differences as well as the personal interests/values of Clauss. He is in addition an adept linguist with a sovereign command of both languages, his German being simultaneously clear and idiomatic and less verbose than that of other contemporary authors.The use of a French original to lambast French manners and values, however paradoxical it may be, is a desperate (if not quixotic) attempt to stem the irresistible and, in Clauss's perception, morally debilitating tide of French influence on a neighbouring culture.
__label__0, Phenylsilanes were deposited by r.f. glow discharge to investigate the relationship between the synthesis conditions (r.f. power, synthesis time and monomer) and the structure and morphology of plasma-polymerized films. The film deposited at 2.0 W consisted of polycarbosilane-like main chains and side chains corresponding to the monomer structure. The film deposited at higher r.f. power consisted of a polycarbosilane-like main chain with more cross-links and less aromatic groups. The films synthesized at 2.0 W from phenylsilane had many submicrometre sized particles on the surface, but the films synthesized from phenylsilanes with methyl groups had few particles and smooth surfaces. The films deposited at higher r.f. power had many particles on their surfaces. The infrared spectra of methylphenylsilane polymer films were independent of the synthesis time, but film surface morphology changed from a smooth surface into a granular surface with an increase in the synthesis time. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Diamond-coated tools can greatly improve the productivity of machining highly abrasive materials such as high silicon–aluminium alloys used in the automotive industry. Cemented-carbide diamond-coated tool inserts have not become an off-the-shelf product owing to several difficulties including insufficient adhesion of diamond to the substrate and questionable reproducibilty in their machining performance in the manufacturing. In order to overcome these difficulties, a better understanding of the effects of the chemical vapour deposition (CVD) conditions such as methane concentration, reactor pressure and substrate temperature is important. In this work, cemented tungsten carbide tool inserts with 6 wt% Co (WC–Co) were coated with diamond films deposited at five different methane concentrations (1–9 vol%). Here we present preliminary results of the effect of methane concentration variation on the following physical properties of the diamond coating: surface morphology; crystal structure; chemical quality; surface roughness; residual stress. The results indicate that the best physical properties of diamond-coated tool inserts using hot-filament CVD are achieved with diamond coatings deposited at methane concentrations ranging from 1 to 3%.
__label__0, An analysis is presented for the fracture of an adhesively bonded double-cantilever beam that fails with extensive plastic deformation of the adherends. The analysis permits a value for the toughness of the joint to be distinguished from the energy absorbed by the plastic deformation. Specifically, this value for toughness can be determined from post-fracture observations of the deformation and from a knowledge of the constitutive properties of the adherends. The analysis has been used to determine experimentally the toughness of plastically deforming joints formed using three different adhesives to bond a series of different thicknesses of aluminium and steel. In each case, it was found that, despite large differences in the extent of deformation, the value for toughness was dependent only on the materials used to form the joint. The toughness was independent of the thickness of the adherends.
__label__0, Interfacial reactions of Pd and Pd/Si films on [0 0 1]-oriented GaAs substrates have been studied by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. In the as-deposited Pd/GaAs system, Pd interacts with Ga and the As is isolated. A Pd–Ga–As compound is observed to form under the Pd–Ga and As layers. Annealing the Pd/GaAs system at 450°C leads to the formation of islands composed of Pd–Ga and Pd–As, amongst which a Pd–Ga–As compound forms. In the Pd/Si/GaAs system, Pd diffuses in to the GaAs substrate, the Pd–Ga and Pd–Ga–As compounds are formed. In the 450°C-annealed Pd/Si/GaAs system, little interfacial reaction at the GaAs substrate occurs. Possible interfacial reactions in the Pd/GaAs and Pd/Si/GaAs systems, including the previously investigated Pt/GaAs, Pt/Si/GaAs, Ni/GaAs and Ni/Si/GaAs systems are considered by calculation of the change in enthalpy of the reactions. The thermodynamic analyses agree with the experimental results.
__label__0, An experimental investigation has been conducted into factors affecting the self-sustaining air oxidation of liquid aluminium and its alloys containing magnesium and silicon. Thermogravimetry and optical microscopy, scanning electron microscopy, and X-ray diffraction analysis have been performed to characterize the progress of oxidation and the nature of the products produced. On the basis of the results obtained, a comprehensive model is proposed capable of explaining the observed capability of producing an alumina composite material by a self-sustaining oxidation mechanism. It is proposed that aluminium/alumina transport occurs by means of the formation of gas-phase aluminium-bearing species which are then encapsulated by a liquid MgO–SiO2–Al2O3 slag phase. Subsequent precipitation of alumina from the slag phase provides the means by which alumina is continuously distributed throughout a growing alumina composite material. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Wheat seedlings infected with a pure inoculum of the root-rotting fungus Rhizoctonia solani were grown in pots designed to fit in pressure chambers, to allow the effects of the Rhizoctonia infection on leaf growth to be studied while maintaining the leaves at elevated water status. Wheat was grown to the third leaf stage in soil inoculated with three different levels of Rhizoctonia, and the pots were then pressurised for seven days to maintain the leaf xylem at the point of bleeding (ie. the leaves were at full turgor). The reduction in leaf expansion caused by Rhizoctonia was not overcome by pressurisation, indicating that a reduced supply of water to the leaves was not responsible for reduced leaf growth. The addition of phosphorus to pots marginally deficient in P did not increase the leaf growth of Rhizoctonia-infected plants, despite increased P uptake to the leaves. These results indicate that a reduced supply of water to the leaves and a supply of phosphorus that was bordering on deficient was not the cause of the growth reduction in seedlings with Rhizoctonia infection. The nature of this reduced growth remains uncertain but may involve growth regulators produced by the fungus, or by the plant as a result of the infection process. The mechanism of these growth reductions is of interest as it may provide a key to the development of plant resistance mechanisms.
__label__0, The nature and degree of deformation-microfracture damage around Vickers indentations in a layered and graded aluminium titanate (AT)/(alumina–zirconia (AZ)) composite is studied. Samples with a homogeneous layer of AZ and a graded layer of heterogeneous AT/AZ are fabricated by an infiltration route. Depth profiling of the Vickers hardness shows that the hardness of the material is depth dependent with a relatively soft graded layer but a hard homogeneous layer. The microhardness of the graded layer is load dependent with 5.6 GPa as the asymptotic value at high loads. The evolution and accumulation of damage modes beneath Hertzian contacts are examined using "bonded-interface" sections. The stress–strain response of the material is monitored by Hertzian tests. The graded layer exhibits a distinctive "softening" in the stress–strain curve, indicating a microscale quasiplasticity which can be associated with grain debonding, grain sliding, diffuse microcracking, grain push-out and grain bridging. No contact-induced cracks are observed in the graded layer and the micro damage is widely distributed within the shear compression zone around and below the contacts. The capability of the graded material to absorb energy from the loading system and to distribute damage is somewhat akin to that of ceramics with heterogeneous microstructures. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Iron has a pivotal and dual role in free radical chemistry in all organisms. On the one hand, free Fe can participate in Fenton reactions and catalyze (‘catalytic Fe’) the generation of hydroxyl radical and other toxic oxygen species. On the other hand, Fe is a constituent of the antioxidant enzymes catalase, ascorbate peroxidase, guaiacol peroxidase, and ferro-superoxide dismutase. Protein Fe is Fenton inactive but can be released from proteins upon attack by activated oxygen. Healthy, unstressed plants avoid the interaction of catalytic Fe and peroxides by disposing of Fe in vacuoles and apoplast, by sequestering Fe in ferritin, and by having high levels of antioxidant enzymes and metabolites in most subcellular compartments. However, when plants are exposed to a variety of adverse conditions, including chilling, high light, drought and paraquat, oxidative stress ensues due primarily to the decrease in antioxidant defenses but also to the increase in free radical production mediated by catalytic Fe. The latter accumulates in many stressed plant tissues. Oxidative stress may lead to metabolic dysfunction and ultimately to plant cell death, so it needs to be estimated conveniently by quantifying the oxidation products of lipids (malondialdehyde and other cytotoxic aldehydes), proteins (total carbonyls, methionine sulfoxide, 2-oxohistidine), and DNA (8-hydroxyguanine, 5-hydroxycytosine). Protein oxidation appears to be a more sensitive and precocious marker than is lipid peroxidation, and DNA damage may also prove to be a useful marker for stress studies in plants.
__label__0, The problem of an infinitely long annular cylinder whose inner and outer surfaces are subjected to known surrounding temperatures and are traction-free is considered in the presence of an axial uniform magnetic field. The problem is in the context of generalized magneto-thermoelasticity theory with one relaxation time. The Laplace transform with respect to time is used. A numerical method based on a Fourier-series expansion is used for the inversion process. Numerical computations for the temperature, displacement and stress distributions as well as for the induced magnetic and electric fields are carried out and represented graphically.
__label__0, The corrosion behaviour of SiC and Si3N4 prepared by chemical vapour deposition (CVD) technique was investigated in molten Na2SO4 salt under argon and argon–oxygen mixture gases. The CVD-SiC was more attacked than the CVD-Si3N4 in molten Na2SO4 salt. This was in good agreement with the results of the thermodynamic equilibrium calculations. The corrosion of both materials in argon–oxygen mixture was less severe compared to that in argon. This was attributed to the formation of amorphous SiO2 acting as a protective film against the corrosion. The apparent activation energies of the CVD-SiC and CVD-Si3N4 in molten Na2SO4 under argon gas were 167 kJ mol-1 and 595 kJ mol-1, respectively. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Morphotropic phase boundary compositions of lead zirconate titanate (PZT) modified with 2, 5 and 10 mol% lanthanum (PLZT) have been prepared using a diol based sol–gel route. Thin films of these PLZT compositions were fabricated on platinized silicon substrates by a spin coating technique. The effects of firing temperature and lanthanum modifications were investigated with regard to phase development, microstructure, and ferroelectric and dielectric characteristics. A strong 〈1 1 1〉 orientation developed as the amount of lanthanum doping increased. The results indicate that the values of remanent polarization, P r, and dielectric constant, εr, decrease, relative to unmodified PZT, for films modified with 2 and 5 mol% lanthanum. The 5 mol% La films for example had a P r of 14 μC cm−2 and an εr value of 700 compared to 31 μC cm−2 and 1480 for undoped PZT films. At these La concentrations there was also an improvement in the leakage current density by two orders of magnitude compared with unmodified PZT. The 10 mol% La sample did not exhibit any switchable polarization behaviour.
__label__0, Amorphous Zn–Ca phosphates and crystalline Zn3(PO4)2·4H2O conversion layers on cathode substrates were prepared by electrolysis of mixtures of acidic solutions saturated with metal phosphates. The solutions contained tricalcium phosphate (Ca3(PO4)2) and/or zinc phosphate dihydrate (Zn3(PO4)2·2H2O). The depositions was carried out with constant or pulsating cathode current densities in the range 20–70 mA cm-2 at 20–70 °C. The deposition of the uniform crystalline Zn3(PO4)2·4H2O was performed at a pulsating cathode current density of 70 mA cm-2 at 70 °C for periods up to 10 min. Amorphous deposits of Zn–Ca phosphates containing 20 wt% H2O with variable Zn-to-Ca ratios were deposited at a constant cathodic current of 30 mA cm-2 at 20 °C for 3 min. Surface areas of the amorphous deposits were of the order of 28 m2 g-1. X-ray diffraction, differential thermal analysis and thermogravimetry were used to investigate phase formation and transitions at increasing temperatures. The amorphous Zn–Ca phosphate deposit was after calcination at 900 °C transformed to crystalline phosphates containing the β-Ca3(PO4)2 or Ca3-xZnx(PO4)2 and α-CaZn2(PO4) phases. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, Fatty acid analysis was used for determining the extent of the development of the external mycelium of AM fungi (mixed inoculum from a sand dune) growing from roots of Festuca rubra and Plantago lanceolata in calcareous dune sand. The plants were raised in chambers specially designed to permit the growth of AM mycelium in root-free compartments. In two separate experiments, growth of external mycelium in the root-free compartments was detected and the amount of mycelium was estimated using the indicator of AM fungal biomass, phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5. The results showed that the PLFA 16:1ω5 was suitable for estimating the mycelium emerging from the mixed inoculum obtained from the field roots of F. rubra and P. lanceolata.The PLFA 16:1ω5 showed external mycelium to become established in the root-free compartments within a period of 3 weeks and the amount of mycelium to continue to increase at 6 and 9 weeks. Increases in neutral lipid fatty acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 (indicator of storage lipids) over time were inconsistent between the two experiments, but appeared to follow patterns of sporulation in each experiment.In both experiments, the root-free compartment was colonised by saprophytic fungi to a greater extent in the case of non-mycorrhizal than of AM treatment, as indicated by an increase in PLFA 18:2ω6,9 (indicator of saprophytic fungi). The absence of an increase in the case of AM treatment indicates that AM fungal mycelium can negatively affect the growth of saprophytic fungi in this soil type. This result was, however, only weakly supported by measurements of ergosterol content. The analysis of bacteria specific PLFAs showed that bacterial biomass was not affected by the AM mycelium.
__label__0, A simple mathematical model describing coupled electrical, optical and thermal effects in semiconductor lasers is introduced. The bifurcation structure of the underlying (perfect) isothermal equations is examined to acquire insight into the nature of the steady states. An infinite set of steady states is obtained at one of these bifurcation points. In the (imperfect) isothermal and thermal problems, an asymptotic analysis provides expressions for the parameter regions which characterise the stable steady states of single-mode operation. The reason that semiconductor lasers usually operate with a single dominant mode is that this corresponds to the only stable steady state. Parameter regions in which two modes share dominance are also identified.
__label__0, The dynamic strain ageing (DSA) behaviours of type 316L stainless steels containing different nitrogen contents (0.01–0.15 wt% N) were studied in tension under varying strain rates (1 × 10−2−2 × 10−4s−1) and the test temperatures (R.T.–1023 K). The temperature range for DSA was moved to higher temperature for increasing nitrogen contents. The critical strain, εc for the onset of serration increased with nitrogen content at 773 K and then became almost constant at 873 K. Type A and B serrations were observed at 873 K with the value of the strain required to effect the transition from type A to type B serration increasing for nitrogen contents upto 0.1 wt% and then becoming saturated. The activation energy for DSA was 23.4–26.2 kcal mol−1 (97.8–109.5 kJ mol−1) at the onset and 65.0–76.6 kcal mol−1 (271–320.2 kJ mol−1) at the end of serration. The lower activation energy was related to vacancy diffusion and the higher activation energy was attributed to the diffusion of chromium to dislocations. The activation energy for DSA was slightly increased with nitrogen addition. DSA was retarded by an increase in the nitrogen content since nitrogen reduced the chromium diffusion to dislocations due to a strong interaction between the nitrogen and chromium.
__label__0, Impact by a box-like structure onto shallow water is analysed with the help of asymptotic methods. The analysis is based on both the asymptotic approach by Korobkin [1], which was derived originally for blunt-body impact, and the experimental results by Bukreev [2]. The flow region is divided into six parts: the region beneath the entering body, the region close to the bottom edge, the region of inertial flow of the liquid, the jet root, the splash jet and outer region. The flows inside each of the subdomains have their own peculiarities and are analysed separately. The matching conditions make it possible to obtain a uniformly valid asymptotic solution of the impact problem. The main attention is paid to the flow patterns and pressure distributions. It was found that the pressure inside the jet root can be comparable with the pressure beneath the entering body and can even exceed it. The effects of the shape of the body bottom and of the body flexibility on the liquid flow and the pressure distribution are investigated.
__label__0, Abstract. We will consider nonlinear rotational galloping for two mechanically coupled seesaw oscillators in steady cross-flow, where mechanical coupling consists of a torsion spring. This oscillator system may be viewed as a mechanical two d.o.f. model for the study of rotational galloping of a continuous elastic structure. Using a quasi-steady modelling approach as model equations two coupled nonlinear oscillators are obtained. Depending on the stiffness of the torsion spring and the natural frequencies of the two oscillators either a non-resonant or 1:1 internal resonant system is found. Assuming the windforce to be relatively small an asymptotic analysis based on averaging is presented for both cases.Sommario: Vengono considerate le oscillazioni galoppanti rotazionali non lineari di due oscillatori disposti in bilico su un fulcro (“seesaw oscillators”) soggetti a un flusso trasversale stazionario e accoppiati meccanicamente attraverso una molla di torsione. Questo sistema oscillatorio può essere interpretato come un modello meccanico a due gradi di libertà per studiare il galoppo rotazionale di una struttura continua elastica. Modellando le azioni indotte dal flusso in modo quasi-statico, si ottengono due oscillatori non lineari accoppiati. A seconda della rigidezza della molla di torsione e delle frequenze naturali dei due oscillatori, si ottiene un sistema non risonante o in risonanza interna 1:1. Assumendo che le forze del vento siano relativamente piccole, viene presentata per entrambi i casi un'analisi asintotica basata sul metodo della media.
__label__0, Schnitzler's early story, "Die Frau des Weisen," features a protagonist whose behavior is as puzzling as any to be found in the author's opus. Seven years after his professor's wife suddenly caressed him – an event witnessed by the husband without the wife's knowledge – he meets her again at a Danish resort. She makes obvious her interest in a brief affair, an interest he shares even as he wonders why she makes no reference to their last meeting; that is, until he learns she is not aware that her husband witnessed the earlier scene, whereupon he suddenly finds her unapproachable and flees the resort. The essay examines possible reasons for the narrator's flight, including, among others, his wanting to escape a quasi-incestuous relationship, his desire for revenge on women (he had recently been jilted), and an inner paralysis that keeps him from acting.
__label__0, Provided here is a characterisation of absolute probability functions for intuitionistic (propositional) logic L, i.e. a set of constraints on the unary functions P from the statements of L to the reals, which insures that (i) if a statement A of L is provable in L, then P(A) = 1 for every P, L's axiomatisation being thus sound in the probabilistic sense, and (ii) if P(A) = 1 for every P, then A is provable in L, L's axiomatisation being thus complete in the probabilistic sense. As there are theorems of classical (propositional) logic that are not intuitionistic ones, there are unary probability functions for intuitionistic logic that are not classical ones. Provided here because of this is a means of singling out the classical probability functions from among the intuitionistic ones.
__label__0, Wide variation in CH4 flux was noticed among the ten rice cultivars grown under uniform field conditions. Cumulative CH4 flux ranged from 4.61 g m-2 to 20.25 g m-2. The rice cultivars could be ranked into three groups based on their CH4 flux potential. Rice cultivars could also be arranged based on their peak CH4 emission occurring either at vegetative, reproductive or at both growth stages. Of the several variables studied (root region redox potential, above- and underground biomass, grain and straw yield, duration of the crop, percent area occupied by the air space and root oxidase activity), only oxidase activity of the root tip exhibited a significant (negative) correlation with CH4 flux indicating an indirect effect of root oxidation potential on CH4 flux. Data presented in this study, demonstrate inherent variation in CH4 flux among different rice cultivars that can be used for developing future mitigation options.
__label__0, Compound semiconductor heterostructure (Al–Ga2Se3–nSi) uses a new material for photovoltaic applications. This Metal-Semiconductor-Semiconductor (MS'S) structure with Ga2Se3 as an intermediate layer has been proposed as a better alternative to conventional Metal-Insulator-Semiconductor (MIS) solar cells for normal illumination. It is shown here that in the whole range – starting from lower intensity, i.e. at a concentration ratio, Cr∼1, to very high illumination level, Cr∼2000, the proposed new structure gives better results than corresponding MIS solar cells. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Alkaline earth metal titanates are an important material in many industrial areas, from dielectric capacitors to ceramics. The present methods of production rely upon purification of the oxides prior to formation. This paper outlines the formation of pure and mixed metal titanates directly from metal oxides and a natural starting material, in the form of the mineral ilmenite (FeTiO3). The reaction is induced by mechanical activation in a laboratory-scale ball mill and is essentially complete within 50 h for all samples, forming a nanocrystalline titanate and an unidentified iron compound. Annealing studies show that the titanate is formed during milling and can be crystallized at 800 °C. Additionally, the reaction process increases the solubility and separation of iron and titanium from ilmenite and this may have application in the formation of titanium compounds from solution. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, Initial field observations revealed a shallow corn (Zea mays L.) root system on a Zimmerman fine sand in a corn/soybean (Glycine max L.) rotation. Since root distribution influences crop water and nutrient absorption, it is essential to identify factors limiting root growth. The objective of this study was to determine the factor(s) limiting corn rooting depth on an irrigated fine sand soil. Bulk density, saturated hydraulic conductivity, and soil water retention were measured on undisturbed soil cores. Corn root distribution assessed at tasseling over a 3-yr period showed an average of 94% of total root length within the upper 0.60 m of soil with 85% in the upper 0.30 m of soil. Mechanical impedance was estimated with a cone penetrometer on two dates with differing water contents. Cone penetrometer measurements greater than 3 MPa indicated mechanical impedance in soil layers extending from 0.15 to 0.35 m deep. Penetration resistance decreased as soil water content increased. However, soil water contents greater than field capacity were required to decrease penetration resistance below the 3 MPa threshold. Such water saturated conditions only occurred for short periods immediately after precipitation or irrigation events, thus roots usually encountered restrictive soil strengths. The soil layer from 0.15 to 0.60 m had high bulk density, 1.57 Mg m-3. This compacted soil layer, with slower saturated hydraulic conductivities (121 to 138 mm hr-1), held more water than the soil above or below it and reduced water movement through the soil profile. Crop water use occurred to a depth of approximately 0.75 m. In conclusion, a compacted soil layer confined roots almost entirely to the top 0.60 m of soil because it had high soil strength and bulk density. The compacted layer, in turn, retained more water for crop use.
__label__0, Row crops are often inefficient in utilizing soil resources. One reason for this appears to be inefficient rooting of the available soil volume. Five experiments were performed to study the temporal and spatial root development of cauliflower (cv. ‘Plana’). The crop was grown with 60 cm between rows, and root development was followed in minirhizotrons placed under the crop rows, 15 cm, and 30 cm from the crop rows. Soil was sampled and analyzed for nitrate content at the final harvest and once during growth. In two of the experiments N fertilizer rate was varied and in two of the other experiments two cultivars were compared (cv. ‘Plana’ and ‘Siria’).The rooting depth of cauliflower was found to be linearly related to temperature sum, with a growth rate of 1.02 mm day-1 °C-1. Depending on duration of growth this leads to rooting depths at harvest of 85–115 cm. Soil analysis showed that the cauliflower was able to utilize soil nitrogen down to at least 100 cm.With Plana differences in root growth between row and interrow soil were only observed during early growth, but with Siria this difference was maintained until harvest. However, at harvest both cultivars had depleted row and interrow soil nitrate equally efficient. Nitrogen fertilizer did not affect overall root development significantly.The branching frequency of actively branching roots was increased in all soil layers from about 6 to 10 branches cm-1 by increasing N fertilizer additions from 130 to 290 kg N ha-1. Increasing N supply increased the number of actively branching roots in the topsoil and reduced it in the subsoil.The average growth rate of the roots was always highest in the newly rooted soil layers, but fell during time. At 74 days after planting very few roots were growing in the upper 60 cm of the soil whereas 70% of the root tips observed in the 80–100 cm soil layer were actively growing. Within each soil layer there was a large variation in growth rate of individual root tips.
__label__0, This paper develops a generalized formulation of the theory of anti-plane deformations of a linear elastic solid, the Lamé constants of which depend on a single spatial variable. The generalized theory is applied to the study of a generalized screw dislocation, a semi-infinite crack and a finite crack located in a halfspace region where the elastic inhomogeneity is depth dependent. The problems examined in this paper are relevant to the modelling of cracks located in inhomogeneous geological materials and the study of surface defects associated with functionally graded materials.
__label__0, Nitrogen catch crops are grown to absorb nitrogen from the rooting zone during autumn and winter. The uptake of N (Nupt) from the soil inorganic N pool (Nmin) to a pool of catch crop nitrogen, will protect the nitrogen against leaching. After incorporation, a fraction (m) of the catch crop nitrogen is mineralized and becomes available again. However, not all available nitrogen present in the soil in the autumn is lost by leaching during winter. A fraction (r) of the nitrogen absorbed by the catch crop would, without a catch crop, have been retained within the rooting zone. The first year nitrogen beneficial effect (Neff) of a catch crop may then be expressed b N  eff  = m*N upt - r* N upt The soil-plant simulation model DAISY was evaluated for its ability to simulate the effects of catch crops on spring Nmin and Neff. Based on incubation studies, parameter values were assigned to a number of catch crop materials, and these parameter values were then used to simulate spring Nmin. The model was able to predict much of the vairiation in the measured spring Nmin (r2 = 0.48***) and there was good agreement between the measured and the simulated effect of winter precipitation on spring Nmin and Neff.Scenarios including variable soil and climate conditions, and variable root depth of the succeeding crop were simulated. It is illustrated that the effect of catch crops on nitrogen availability for the succeeding crop depends strongly on the rooting depth of the succeeding crop. If the succeeding crop is deep rooted and the leaching intensity is low, there is a high risk that a catch crop will have a negative effect on nitrogen availability. The simulations showed that the strategy for the growing of catch crops should be adapted to the actual situation, especially to the expected leaching intensity and to the rooting depth of the succeeding crop.
__label__0, Bi2Sr2Ca2Cu3Ox(Bi-2223)/Ag tapes have been prepared by hot pressing performed at 800–840 °C for 12–96 h under 6 or 12 MPa in air. The highest transport critical current density, Jc, is 3900 A cm−2 at 77 K and 8800 A cm−2 at 65 K under zero magnetic field, which is observed in tape hot pressed at 820 °C under 12 MPa for 24 h twice. The tape has undergone a cold pressing under 260 MPa between hot pressings. Jc is limited to 120 A cm−2 in tape hot pressed for 48 h continuously, in spite of total hot pressing time, temperature and pressure all being the same as for tape hot pressed for 24 h twice. It is found that alternate hot pressing and cold pressing is effective in the preparation of Bi-2223 tapes with high Jc, which is determined by the strength of grain coupling. Grain coupling is strengthened in tape hot pressed with an intermediate cold pressing. © 1998 Chapman & Hall
__label__0, A field experiment under rainfed conditions was conducted in Durango, México, to assess N2-fixation of three cultivars of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) using 15N-methodology. In addition, diversity of rhizobial isolates obtained from nodules of the different plant genotypes was evaluated by intrinsic antibiotic resistance (IAR), PCR using enterobacterial repetitive intergenic consensus (ERIC) primers, PCR-RFLP analysis of the 16S rRNA gene and multilocus enzyme electrophoresis (MLEE). Selected isolates were used to determine acetylene reduction and competitive ability under greenhouse conditions. The three cultivars tested did not show high variation in N2-fixation, the %Ndfa values ranged from 19 to 26%. Variability in N2-fixation efficiency among various native rhizobial isolates was very high and our results indicate that differences in competitive abilitiy exist also. PCR-RFLP of the 16S rRNA gene and MLEE revealed that most of the isolates belong to the species Rhizobium etli. Intrinsic antibiotic resistance analysis and ERIC-PCR showed high diversity among isolates. In contrast, our results using MLEE show low genetic diversity (H = 0.105).
__label__0, Zeno's paradoxes of motion and the semantic paradoxes of the Liar have long been thought to have metaphorical affinities. There are, in fact, isomorphisms between variations of Zeno's paradoxes and variations of the Liar paradox in infinite-valued logic. Representing these paradoxes in dynamical systems theory reveals fractal images and provides other geometric ways of visualizing and conceptualizing the paradoxes.
__label__0, In this study, pure nickel and yttria (Y2O3) were selected as a model system to investigate the feasibility of processing metal matrix composites (MMCs) through a powder metallurgy approach for the in-situ formation of a continuous three-dimensional reinforcement network or the in-situ formation of discrete reinforcements with certain degrees of interconnected clusters. Composites with a volume fraction of Y2O3 ranging from 20 to 50 % were prepared through hot pressing. The density, microstructure and creep resistance of these composites were evaluated as a function of the yttria volume fraction. It was found that a continuous Y2O3 network was formed in composites with 40 and 50 vol % Y2O3, while yttria was discrete with some degrees of interconnected clusters in composites with 20 and 30 vol % Y2O3. The creep rate was reduced by two to three orders of magnitude with the addition of 20 to 30 vol % Y2O3, and it continued to decrease with increasing the volume fraction of yttria to 50%. The analysis indicated that the load transfer to isolated yttria particles could not account for the improved creep resistance of composites with 20 and 30 vol % Y2O3, while the load transfer to a continuous yttria network in composites with 40 and 50 vol % Y2O3 could not be approximated by the model of the load transfer to continuous fibres. The discrepancies are believed to be related to the presence of interconnected yttria clusters, the low relative density of the yttria phase in the composite, and the low load-carrying capability through a three-dimensional network in comparison with the load-carrying capability through continuous fibres. It is suggested that the density of the yttria phase and hence the creep resistance of the composite can be further improved over what have been obtained in this study by densifying the composite at high temperatures and pressures.
__label__0, The single-phase BaNd2Ti4O12 powder was successfully prepared at 1000 to 1200°C by the KCI molten salt method, and the sinterability of the powder was briefly studied. Longitudinal single-phase powders could be fully densified at 1450°C. Measurements showed that the dielectric constant and Q-value of the densified ceramics were high, and the Q-value in particular was markedly affected by the preparatory conditions. These results indicate that single-phase BaNd2Ti4O12 powder can easily be prepared by the KCI molten salt method and that the ceramics made from the powder show optimal properties for microwave dielectrics.
__label__0, The fracture toughness and toughening mechanism of two epoxy matrices containing varying concentrations of pre-formed polyamide-12 particles was investigated. The pre-formed thermoplastic modifier was used to keep the physical and morphological characteristics of the second phase constant while varying the matrix intrinsic toughness to simplify the interpretation of toughening results. We observed that these particles toughened the epoxies through a crack bridging mechanism involving large plastic deformation of the second phase.This mechanism was found to be effective independent of the potential of the matrix for plastic deformation since the increasing fracture toughness was accomplished without significant amounts of plastic deformation in the epoxy matrix. A quantitative model was adapted to account for the increase in toughness due to the crack bridging mechanism. From this model, it was possible to determine the factors which are most important when attempting to toughen a material through thermoplastic crack bridging. A better understanding of the specific factors which influence the efficiency of the crack bridging mechanism enables the fracture properties of brittle materials to be further improved with thermoplastic addition. This was shown to be very important when attempting to enhance the toughness of materials which are believed to be “un-toughenable” by conventional rubber modification, or materials whose other mechanical properties suffer from the addition of elastomeric materials.
__label__0, To investigate the mechanism of combustion synthesis of TiC–Fe cermet, a mixture of (Ti+C)+30 wt% Fe was used for a combustion front quenching test, and the microstructural evolution in the quenched sample was analyzed by scanning electron microscopy and energy dispersive spectrometry. The temperature-time profile of the combustion was measured, and the phase constituents of the product were inspected by X-ray diffraction. Based on these results, the mechanism of the combustion synthesis was analyzed, and a ternary-reaction-diffusion/solution-precipitation model was proposed. Asynchronism and incompleteness of the combustion are discussed also.
__label__0, In this study, FexTi1-xMxO2 (M=Nb, Ta; 0≤x≤0.5) solid solutions have been synthesized from both ceramic and gel methods, and electrical and structural characterization hasbeen carried out. The solid solutions show rutile structure except for the case of FeNbO4, which forms an orthorhombic structure. The electrical behaviour of the system studied corresponds to extrinsic p-type semiconduction and it is related to the presence of Fe(II) ions. Conductivity is enhanced by local distortions of the M–O lengths associated with ordering oxidation states such as those in Fe3O4. The distortions are more frequent when the asymmetry is greater (M=Nb). No electrical changes have been detected when the synthesis method is different. © 1998 Kluwer Academic Publishers
__label__0, New perovskite type oxides of Rh(IV) (La2MRhO6; M = Mg, Zn) have been prepared by conventional techniques used in solid state chemistry. Rietveld refinements from X-ray diffraction data confirm the space group P21/n for both compounds. This low symmetry is a result of two effects: (i) slight GdFeO3-type distorsion of the ideal perovskite structure due to the size of six-fold co-ordinated B cations and (ii) 1/1 ordering of the B-cations. The observed lattice parameters are a = 0.557 9(1) nm, b = 0.561 5(1) nm, c = 0.789 8(1) nm, β = 90.01(6)° for La2MgRhO6 and a = 0.558 4(3) nm, b = 0.565 9(3) nm, c = 0.791 4(4) nm, β = 90.0(2)° for La2ZnRhO6, respectively. The magnetic moment localized on Rh(IV) is strongly reduced compared to the spin-only value. The reasons for this phenomenon are discussed accounting for theoretical work on the magnetic behaviour of 2T2g-terms. However, a weak antiferromagnetic exchange interaction is observed. Both materials are intrinsic semiconductors.
__label__0, Strontium hexaferrite powder, synthesised conventionally in-house from strontium carbonate (SrCO3) and hematite (Fe2O3) without additives, has been treated in a static hydrogen atmosphere and subsequently calcined in static air under different conditions. The optimum time, temperature, and initial pressure of hydrogenation and the optimum temperature of re-calcination for a fixed time of 1 h were determined using a combination of X-ray diffraction, vibrating sample magnetometer, and high-resolution scanning electron microscope techniques.Increasing the temperature, initial pressure, and time of hydrogenation up to the determined optimum values resulted in the decomposition of the strontium hexaferrite into Fe2O3 and Sr7Fe10O22, together with a more marked reduction of the resultant Fe2O3 to Fe. This was accompanied by the conversion of the initial single-crystal particles into very fine sub-grains, which is the reason for the higher coercivities obtained after re-calcination. Increasing the hydrogenation and re-calcination parameters beyond the optimum values, however, generally resulted in grain growth, which decreased the final magnetic properties. Increasing the re-calcination temperature to 1000 °C resulted in completion of the hexaferrite reformation. Beyond this temperature, however, the coercivity decreased due to grain growth.The optimum conditions were as follows: hydrogenation at 700 °C for 1 h under an initial pressure of 1.3 bar and then re-calcination in air at 1000 °C for 1 h. The highest coercivity obtained after re-calcination was around 400 kA/m. The remanence and saturation magnetization values were very similar to their initial values before the hydrogen treatment.
__label__0, The probability of damage at the impact site in the outer glass ply of laminated glass units subjected to low velocity small missile impacts is investigated. A dynamic, non-linear finite element analysis is applied to compute the stress response on impacts. Based on the cumulative damage theory, a damage factor is introduced and related to Weibull's distribution of probability to characterize the probability of damage. In conjunction with the finite element analysis, controlled experiments are conducted to determine the material constants appearing in the damage model and Weibull's distribution of probability. A parametric study involving impact velocity, glass ply thickness and interlayer thickness is presented.
__label__0, The thermal curing (imidization) of the polyimide film was investigated using a differential scanning calorimeter and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy. The rate and the degree of imidization of the film were found to be dependent on curing temperature, time, and thickness. The degree of imidization of the film rapidly increased between 200 and 350 °C and then remained constant for curing above 350 °C, indicating that the imidization reaction is complete at 350 °C. Also, it was found that imidization proceeds in two stages under an isothermal condition, which was characterized by an initial fast imidization step that changed into a second, slower imidization process. The slower imidization rate at the second stage is discussed and explained. A higher degree of imidization was obtained with thicker films because of the higher retention of the solvent in the thicker film. The depolymerization process during thermal curing was studied with FTIR. The highest degree of the depolymerization was reached with thermal curing between 225 and 275°C.
__label__0, The effects of temperature on N mineralization were studied in two organic surface horizons (LF and H) of soil from a boreal forest. The soil was incubated at 5 °C and 15 °C after adding 15 N and gross N fluxes were calculated using a numerical simulation model. The model was calibrated on microbial C and N, basal respiration, and KCl-extractable NH4 +, NO3 −, 15NH4 + and 15 NO3 −. In the LF layer, increased temperature resulted in a faster turnover of all N pools. In both layers net N mineralization did not increase at elevated temperature because both gross NH4 + mineralization and NH4 + immobilization increased. In the H layer, however, both gross NH4 + mineralization and NH4 + immobilization were lower at 15 °C than at 5 °C and the model predicted a decrease in microbial turnover rate at higher temperature although measured microbial activity was higher. The decrease in gross N fluxes in spite of increased microbial activity in the H layer at elevated temperature may have been caused by uptake of organic N. The model predicted a decrease in pool size of labile organic matter and microbial biomass at elevated temperature whereas the amount of refractory organic matter increased. Temperature averaged microbial C/N ratio was 14.7 in the LF layer suggesting a fungi-dominated decomposer community whereas it was 7.3 in the H layer, probably due to predominance of bacteria. Respiration and microbial C were difficult to fit using the model if the microbial C/N ratio was kept constant with time. A separate 15N-enrichment study with the addition of glucose showed that glucose was metabolized faster in the LF than in the H layer. In both layers, decomposition of organic matter appeared to be limited by C availability.
__label__0, In this paper the results of indirect tensile tests on highly porous ceramics are presented. A relation between the mechanical strength of the highly porous ceramic materials and Acoustic Emission (AE) has been established. We have shown that the amplitude distribution of the AE events depends on the crack velocity, which itself depends on the stress intensity of the crack. Apart from the Brazilian (side crushing strength) tests also multi-point loading experiments were carried out. The AE results show the additional damage accumulation due to compressive/shear stresses.
__label__0, A distinctive crystalline morphology which develops in certain fiber-reinforced thermoplastics, termed "transcrystallinity", occurs as the result of dense nucleation of polymer crystals at the surface of reinforcing fibers. As these fiber-sponsored nuclei grow, they impinge upon one another, such that crystal growth occurs essentially perpendicular to the fiber axis. Previous studies concerning transcrystallized composites have generally focused on single-fiber composites or model systems. Our interest is in elucidating the crystal orientation in conventional fiber-reinforced composites, and in quantifying the fraction of transcrystallized matrix, where present. In the present work, we develop a wide-angle X-ray scattering (WAXS) technique to investigate composites formed from an isotactic polypropylene (PP) matrix with practical loading levels of unidirectional pitch-based carbon, polyacrylonitrile (PAN)-based carbon, or aramid fibers. The transcrystalline fraction of the crystalline matrix approaches 0.95 in pitch-based carbon composites and 0.50 in the aramid composites near fiber loadings of 30 vol %. In addition, a previously-unreported mode of matrix orientation is observed in composites containing the non-transcrystallizing PAN-based carbon fibers, arising from restrictions on the isotropic growth of PP crystallites by the unidirectional fibers. This "constrained growth" orientation can coexist with the transcrystallized matrix at lower fiber loadings.
__label__0, Al2O3/Co composites were fabricated by vacuum hot-pressing a mixture of α-Al2O3 powder and a fine cobalt powder. Submicron-sized cobalt particles were uniformly dispersed into the Al2O3 matrix, and the dispersed type was a more inter-/intragranular one with increases of cobalt content up to 40 wt% Co addition. The growth of cobalt particles occurred with increasing cobalt content. At 50 wt% Co addition, however, the growth as well as coalescence of cobalt particles occurred. The phases formed in the Al2O3/Co composites were f-Co(fcc), h-Co(hcp), α-Al2O3, and a small amount of graphite. Significant improvements in bending strength (from 341 to 771 MPa) and fracture toughness (from 3.7 to 6.7 MPaċm1/2) of the Al2O3/40 wt% Co(23 vol% Co) composite compared to monolithic Al2O3 were achieved by dispersing submicron-sized Co particles into the Al2O3 matrix. The improvement in bending strength was attributed to the compressive thermal residual stress in the matrix Al2O3 induced by the mismatch of the coefficients of thermal expansion (CTE) between the matrix Al2O3 grains and cobalt particles during cooling from hot-pressing temperature. The fracture toughness of the composite was enhanced by crack bridging, crack deflection, and compressive thermal residual stress.
__label__0, A new local linearization (LL) scheme for the numerical integration of nonautonomous multidimensional stochastic differential equations (SDEs) with additive noise is introduced. The numerical scheme is based on the local linearization of the SDE's drift coefficient by means of a truncated Ito–Taylor expansion. A comparative study with the other LL schemes is presented which shows some advantanges of the new scheme over other ones.
__label__0, A hydrogen treatment followed by calcination, has been developed in order to enhance the intrinsic coercivity of Sr-hexaferrite (SrFe12O19). Fully hydrogen-treated Sr-hexaferrite consists of a mixture of 73%, by weight, of αFe and 27% of Sr7Fe10O22 phases. Calcination of this material to reform the SrFe12O19 phase occurs in two stages. Between room temperature and 600°C, oxygen was absorbed resulting in a large increase in weight with the formation of a mixture of SrFeO3−x and Fe2O3(α and γ). During the second stage, the intermediate phases reacted to form SrFe12O19 at a temperature of between 700 and 800°C. A partial desorption of oxygen occurred until calcination reached completion at 1000°C. The magnetization at 1100 kA m−1 and the remanence were similar to those of the untreated material, but, because of a much refined grain size, the intrinsic coercivity was considerably larger, with values around 400 kA m−1. Grain growth occurs at temperatures > 1000°C, resulting in a decrease in the intrinsic coercivity.
__label__0, We consider a procedure for calculating the pair correlation function in the context of cluster variation methods (CVM). As specific cases, we study the pair correlation function in the paramagnetic phase of the Ising model with nearest neighbors, next to nearest neighbors, and plaquette interactions in two and three dimensions. In presence of competing interactions, the so-called disorder line separates in the paramagnetic phase a region where the correlation function has the usual exponential behavior from a region where the correlation has an oscillating, exponentially damped behavior. In two dimensions, using the plaquette as the maximal cluster of the CVM approximation, we calculate the phase diagram and the disorder line for a case where a comparison is possible with known results for the eight-vertex model. In three dimensions, in the CVM cube approximation, we calculate the phase diagram and the disorder line in some cases of particular interest. The relevance of our results for experimental systems like mixtures of oil, water, and surfactant is also discussed.
__label__0, On a study site in the Lusatian lignite mining region (Germany), sandy mine spoil was ameliorated with either sewage sludge, compost or mineral fertilizer. Plots were sown with the grass Secale multicaule and planted with pine seedlings except for a control that was not meliorated and not revegetated. Pitfall catches of ground beetles in 1996/97 yielded high numbers of species and individuals directly after revegetation. The dominant beetles were xerophilic species, known to prefer open sandy sites. Catches in different plots were positively correlated with the amount of vegetation cover and declined as follows: amelioration with sewage sludge > compost > mineral fertilizer > untreated control. Even beetles characteristic of open sandy sites showed a distinct preference for plots with high vegetation cover treated with organic waste. For the dominant species, an attraction to shelter and a more balanced, humid microclimate is assumed. A year-to-year comparison showed an increase in beetles typical of dry grasslands and ruderal sites in the second year, while characteristic species of open sandy sites decreased. Application of organic waste combined with revegetation led to an immediate increase in beetle numbers. In the long term, revegetation would be expected to reduce suitable habitats for endangered ground beetles which prefer open sites with poor sandy soils.
__label__0, The effect of microstructure on oxygen permeation in SrCo0.8Fe0.2O3−δ membranes was investigated using disc samples fabricated under different processing conditions of applied pressure and sintering temperature. The average grain size of the samples was found to remain unchanged as a function of applied pressure, but increased considerably when the sintering temperature was increased from 950 to 1200°C. This change in grain size has a strong effect on the oxygen permeation flux, which increased considerably as the grain size was decreased. The density as well as the microhardness of these samples were also measured and found to change slightly as the processing conditions were changed.
__label__0, We construct an approximate renormalization scheme for Hamiltonian systems with two degrees of freedom. This scheme is a combination of Kolmogorov–Arnold–Moser (KAM) theory and renormalization-group techniques. It makes the connection between the approximate renormalization procedure derived by Escande and Doveil and a systematic expansion of the transformation. In particular, we show that the two main approximations, consisting in keeping only the quadratic terms in the actions and the two main resonances, keep the essential information on the threshold of the breakup of invariant tori.
__label__0, The specific heat of Fermi–Pasta–Ulam systems has until now been estimated through the energy fluctuations of a suitable subsystem, and opposite answers were apparently provided concerning its possible vanishing for vanishing temperatures. In the present paper a more “realistic” numerical implementation of the specific heat measurement is discussed, which mimics the interaction of the FPU system with a calorimeter. It is found that there exists a “freezing” critical temperature below which the relaxation times to equilibrium between FPU system and calorimeter become relevant, so that the system presents aging and hysteresis features very similar to those familiar in glasses and spin glasses. In particular, in the framework of such a point of view involving finite long times, the specific heat appears to vanish for vanishing temperatures.
__label__0, The conventional permutational statistics of cooperative phenomena is extended to include displacement of atoms from their reference lattice points. The formulation is done in the cluster variation method (CVM) framework, by changing summations in energy and entropy to integrals. It is demonstrated for the pair approximation of CVM on phase-separating fcc binary alloys. The treatment can take into account local lattice distortion due to atomic size difference, the elastic effects, and the pressure effects. To compare stability of states under pressure, the grand potential Ω(T, V, {μ i}) is extended to Z(T, p, {μ i}) by a Legendre transform. Although the new function Z(T, p, {μ i}) vanishes in equilibrium, and is called the ZERO-potential in the paper, it remains nonzero and is used to determine the coexisting phases when the chemical potentials are modified. Numerical calculations are done using the natural iteration technique on model inter-atomic potentials of the Lennard-Jones type. The numerical results of using Ω(T, V, {μ i}) and Z(T, p, {μ i}) potentials for phase-separating diagrams, for composition and pressure dependence of the lattice constant, and for the bulk modulus are reported and discussed.
__label__0, Silicon carbide (SiC) whiskers were synthesized from SiO2-CH4-Na3AlF6 system. The whiskers obtained were cylindrical in shape, and they had uniform diameter (0.1–5.0 μm) and length (50 μm-10 mm). They were found to have grown by a Vapor-Liquid-Solid (VLS) mechanism since a catalyst droplet was observed on the tip of most of the whiskers. The composition of the Al-Si droplets was determined by means of EDAX. As no researchers have previously reported on Al-Si droplets, we conducted a detailed analysis of them in this study.
__label__0, Empirical models corresponding to a constitutive equation with fractional derivatives are proposed for linear viscoelastic polymers. For these models, the relaxation modulus, the dynamic moduli, the relaxation time spectra, and other material functions can be calculated as a function of a few parameters that characterise the behaviour of a viscoelastic polymer. The fractional calculus approach allows us to calculate the relaxation time spectrum H(τ) via the Stieltjes inversion in the linear viscoelastic zone. Polymethylmethacrylate (PMMA) is chosen as a model amorphous polymer in a temperature range from Tg + 90°C to Tg + 25°C. This polymer is characterised by a non-equilibrium state between at least the β and α relaxations. The structural recovery of PMMA has been investigated using dynamic mechanical thermal analysis (DMTA) by varying the preparational history. The effect of time and temperature on the model parameters and on the relaxation time spectra are also investigated in the neighbourhood of the glass transition.
__label__0, With the method of phenomenology, a supersaturation–condensation–fusion (SCF) mechanism is proposed to describe the growth of chemical vapor deposition silicon carbide under normal atmosphere. The structure has been characterized by scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. Morphology characterization of deposited crystallites and silicon carbide aggregates have been explained in terms of SCF mechanism; Raman spectra analysis indicated that the major chemical bonds of deposit were Si–C and –C=C–. Auger spectra analysis revealed that there were Si, C, S, Cl, and O on the surface of the deposit.
__label__0, This is the first of two papers devoted to the study of a nonlocal evolution equation that describes the evolution of the local magnetization in a continuum limit of an Ising spin system with Kawasaki dynamics and Kac potentials. We consider subcritical temperatures, for which there are two local equilibria, and begin the proof of a local nonlinear stability result for the minimum free energy profiles for the magnetization at the interface between regions of these two different local equilibria; i.e., the fronts. We shall show in the second paper that an initial perturbation v 0 of a front that is sufficiently small in L 2 norm, and sufficiently localized that ∫ x 2 v 0(x)2 dx<∞, yields a solution that relaxes to another front, selected by a conservation law, in the L 1 norm at an algebraic rate that we explicitly estimate. There we also obtain rates for the relaxation in the L 2 norm and the rate of decrease of the excess free energy. Here we prove a number of estimates essential for this result. Moreover, the estimates proved here suffice to establish the main result in an important special case.
__label__0, At the moment there is no theory for free relative clauses in German in the framework of Head-driven Phrase Structure Grammar (HPSG). From GB literature on the subject it is known that free relative clauses behave partly like noun phrases. They can fill argument positions of verbs. And although they are finite sentences, they are serialized like noun phrases in the German Mittelfeld. The function free relative clauses can take is not restricted to complements. Depending on the properties of the relative phrase, free relative clauses can be modifiers as well. I will argue that free relative clauses project to a category that is tightly related to the category of the relative phrase.As Ingria90 has shown, assignment of different cases in the relative and the matrix clause poses problems for grammars that rely on unification alone. In the following paper I will show that his subsumption based account is incompatible with standard assumptions in the HPSG framework. The set-based approach of DK97, which is similar in many respects to Ingria's approach, will also be discussed. It will be shown that some of the problems of the subsumption based account are still present in the set-based approach. I will provide a different solution to the problem that relies on an additional case feature for the case form of NPs. It is projected from the relative phrase and is not affected by case requirements of the verb.In general, there are three possibilities to describe the projections of free relative clauses: firstly, the direct projection of a phrase from the relative phrase and a finite sentence, secondly, an empty head or a unary projection that projects a relative clause and thirdly, a lexical rule that changes the subcategorization frames of governing heads in a way that they subcategorize for relative clauses. I will argue for the unary schema and discuss the alternatives.
__label__0, The applicability of instrumented falling weight impact techniques in characterizing mechanically thermoplastic foams at relatively high strain rates is presented in this paper. In order to try simulating impact loading of foams against sharp elements, an instrumented dart having a hemispherical headstock was employed in the tests. Failure strength and toughness values were obtained from high-energy impact experiments, and the elastic modulus could be measured from both flexed plate and indentation low-energy impact tests. The results indicate a dependence of the failure strength, toughness, and the elastic modulus on the foam density, the foaming process, and the chemical composition. This influence was found to be similar to that of pure nonfoamed materials and also to that observed from low-rate compression tests. The results also indicate that the indentation low-energy impact tests were more accurate in obtaining right values of the elastic modulus than the flexed plate low-energy impact tests usually used to characterize rigid plastics. The foam indentation observed with this test configuration contributes to obtaining erroneous values of the elastic modulus if only a simple flexural analysis of plates is applied.
__label__0, Values of the maximum axial growth pressure (σmax) of seedling pea (Pisum sativum L.) roots reported in the literature, obtained using different apparatuses and cultivars, range from 0.3 MPa to 1.3 MPa. To investigate possible reasons for this large range, we studied the effect of apparatus and cultivar on measurements of σmax in peas. We describe four types of apparatus which can be used to measure axial root growth force and hence σmax, and used them to measure σmax in seedling pea roots using cultivar Meteor. Two of these apparatuses were also used to compare σmax for three pea cultivars (Helka, Meteor and Greenfeast). Both cultivar and apparatus significantly affected σmax , but there were greater differences between apparatuses than between the three cultivars. Estimating root cross-sectional area from the diameter of cross-sections, rather than from in situ measurements (i.e. measurements made with the root still in place in the apparatus) may explain these differences.
__label__0, A thermodynamic minimum principle valid for photon radiation is shown to hold for arbitrary geometries. It is successfully extended to neutrinos, in the zero mass and chemical potential case, following a parallel development of photon and neutrino statistics. This minimum principle stems more from that of Planck than that of classical Onsager–Prigogine irreversible thermodynamics. Its extension from bosons to fermions suggests that it may have a still wider validity.
__label__0, Tensile strength of E-glass fibres have been analysed using a bimodal Weibull two parameter cumulative distribution function. The bimodal character were associated to surface and internal flaws, respectively. Influence of silane coating as well as industrial sizing on the flaws distribution was quantitatively characterised. A qualitative interpretation of their effect based on a combination of probabilistic and deterministic approaches were proposed in terms of crack healing. It was demonstrated there that mechanical testing of fibres can be used as an indirect observation technique of the consequences of the surface treatment. An analogy is proposed between the sizing treatment of glass fibres and the strengthening of silica glass by means of hybrid organic-inorganic coatings.
__label__0, We study a stochastic neural-network model in which neurons and synapses change with a priori probability p and 1−p, respectively, in the limit p→0. This implies neuron activity competing with fast fluctuations of the synaptic connections—in fact, random oscillations around values given by a learning (for example, Hebb's) rule. The consequences for the system performance of a dynamics constantly checking at random the set of memorized patterns is thus studied both analytically and numerically. We describe various nonequilibrium phase transitions whose nature depends on the properties of fluctuations. We find, in particular, that under rather general conditions locally stable mixture states do not occur, and pattern recognition and retrieval processes are substantially improved for some classes of synaptic fluctuations.
__label__0, Sol-gel process of silicon alkoxide was performed in reverse suspension to limit the sites of hydrolysis and dehydration-condensation of alkoxide to the inside of the dispersed droplets and to prepare silica particles of tens μm in diameter. Acetic acid aqueous solution was used as a dispersed phase, and hexane as a continuous phase. The dispersed phase was poured into the continuous phase, in which silicon alkoxide has dissolved, with stirring to form a reverse suspension. Silica particles of 67 μm in mean diameter were obtained by calcining the gel particles produced. Effects of pH of the dispersed phase and concentration of dispersion stabiliser on the characteristics of the silica particles were discussed. The formation mechanism of the gel particle was inferred with applying Jander's model, which is often used to analyse solid phase reaction of particles.
__label__0, There has been a spate of re-evaluations of the Spanish-American literary canon published recently (notably the Cambridge History of Latin American Literature [1996], the Encyclopedia of Latin American Literature [1997]) but more work clearly needs to be done on the ways in which the parameters of literary culture have changed in the modern era. This article looks in detail at the main trends, which include the exponential growth in the printing industry, the professionalization of the literary writer and the literary critic, the institutionalization of literary competitions and prizes, the growth and radicalization of the literary canon, and, finally, the new symbiosis of the literary and cinematic cultures.
__label__0, Boron-doped polycrystalline diamond films were grown over a molybdenum substrate by a microwave plasma CVD process using a methane and hydrogen gas mixture at a pressure of 35 ± 1 Torr. Boron doping of diamond was achieved in situ by using a solid boron source while growing diamond in the CVD processxu. We have observed a negligible background current (Δl) for diamond by differential pulse voltammetry in 0.5 M NaCl, 0.5 M H2SO4, and 0.5 M HNO3 solutions over a wide potential range. Therefore, diamond will certainly have a use as an electrode material in electroanalytical applications to detect trace toxic/nontoxic metal ions such as cadmium, lead, copper, and silver. Differential pulse voltammetry was used to detect and evaluate the presence of lead ions in 0.5 M NaCl and cadmium ions in 0.5 M H2SO4 supporting electrolyte solution using highly conducting boron-doped diamond coated molybdenum electrode material. Furthermore, reverse differential pulse voltammetry was used to evaluate the presence of copper and silver ions in 0.5 M H2SO4 and 0.5 M HNO3 solution, respectively. Diamond electrode has been used in this study to detect metallic ions in the solution over a wide potential range that covers + 0.8 V to −0.4 V vs., SHE.
__label__0, The cure and pyrolysis behavior of a BlackglasTM resin and NextelTM 440 impregnated with BlackglasTM resin were studied. Cure of the BlackglasTM resin is an exothermic process and DSC studies indicate that with an increase of catalyst content from 0.1 to 1.0%, the onset and peak temperature of cure are decreased coupled with an increase in the enthalpy of cure indicating a greater extent of cross linking. However, pyrolysis char yield of the pyrolyzate is relatively insensitive to cure conditions.Cure pressure and pyrolysis environment are variables in the processing of BlackglasTM matrix composite reinforced with NextelTM 440 Plain weave fabric. Variations in cure pressure from 30 to 80 psi had no discernible effect on the chemistry of the pryrolyzate. However, the higher cure pressure resulted in top and bottom ply damage. Pyrolysis in an Ar environment resulted in incorporationj of up to 12 wt % C of which 8 wt % as graphitic in nature in the ceramic matrix. Pyrolysis in NH3 resulted in 3.9 wt % nitrogen and 1.5 wt % carbon in the matrix, with all the nitrogen and carbon bonded to Si. The cured panels have to be pyrolyzed/densified between 6–7 times to achieve required density and porosity content. Oxidation behavior of the composites at 1000°C indicate that the argon pyrolyzed CMC's lose more weight due to decomposition of the pyrolytic carbon, whereas, NH3 pyrolyzed CMC's are stable as both the N and C are bonded to Si in the matrix. Dielectric constants K′ and K′′ measured at 1 GHz in the as-processed condition are high in the argon pyrolyzed CMC, (K′ = 11−28) due to the presence of pyrolytic carbon. On the other hand NH3 pyrolyzed CMC exhibit low dielectric constant (K′ = 4). On oxidation, the dielectric constant in both the Ar and NH3 pyrolyzed panels is approximately 4.0.
__label__0, We consider a dilute mixture in 3D of a finite number of particles initially close to spherical, but of varying sizes, and representing one of the phases evolving according to the quasistatic dynamics. Under the scaling hypotheses that (1) typical size/typical distance and (2) deviation from sphericity/typical size are small, we associate centers and radii to each particle for the whole evolution and derive rigorously a set of ODEs fo the radii which we relate to the Lifschitz–Slyosov–Wagner theory of coarsening.
__label__0, The problem of minimizing a concave function over a polytope is considered. The simplicial branch-and-bound approach is presented and theoretical studies about the convergence of these algorithms are carried on. In particular, the convergence of the algorithm based on so-called ω-subdivisions is proved, which had been an open question for a long time.
__label__0, Evolution of the shape of the second and the first sound waves, excited in superfluid He-II by a pulsed heater, with increasing a power Q of the heat pulse has been studied. It has been found that with increasing the pressure P in He-II bath up to 25 atm, the temperature Tα, at which the nonlinearity coefficient α for the second sound should reverse its sign, is decreasing from 1.88 to 1.58 K. Thus, at all pressures there exists a wide temperature range below Tλ where α is negative, and the temperature discontinuity (shock front) should be formed at the center of the propagating bipolar pulse of the second sound. It followed from our numerical estimations that with increasing the pressure the ratio of amplitudes of linear waves of the first and second sounds generated by a heater at small Q should increase significantly. This permitted us to observe the linear wave of heating (rarefaction) of the first sound and its transformation to the wave of cooling (compression) in He-II pressurized to 13.3 atm. Results of the measurements made at high Q and at pressures above and below the critical pressure in He-II Pcr=2.2 atm suggest that the main reason for initiation of the first sound compression waves is the strong thermal expansion of a layer of normal fluid He-I arising at the heater—He-II interface at Q higher than some critical value.
__label__0, Galton greeted Darwin's theory of pangenesis with enthusiasm, and tried to test the assumption that the hereditary particles circulate in the blood by transfusion experiments on rabbits. The failure of these experiments led him to reject this assumption, and in the 1870s he developed an alternative theory of heredity, which incorporated those parts of Darwin's theory that did not involve the transportation of hereditary particles throughout the system. He supposed that the fertilized ovum contains a large number of hereditary elements, which he collectively called the “stirp,” a few of which are patent, developing into particular cell types, while the rest remain latent; the latent elements can be transmitted to the next generation, while the patent elements, with rare exceptions, cannot since they have developed into cells.The problem with this theory is that it does not explain the similarity between parent and child unless there is a high correlation between latent and patent elements. Galton probably came to realize this problem during his subsequent statistical work on heredity, and he quietly dropped the idea that patent elements are not transmitted in Natural Inheritance (1889).Galton thought that brothers and sisters had identical stirps, and he attributed differences between them to variability in the choice of patent elements from the stirp, that is to say to developmental variability. He attributed the likeness of monozygotic twins to the similarity of their developmental environment. Galton's twin method was to track the life history changes of twins to see whether twins who were similar at birth diverged in dissimilar environments or whether twins who were dissimilar at birth converged in similar environments. It is quite different from the modern twin method of comparing the similarities between monozygotic and dizygotic twins, on the assumption that monozygotic twins are genetically identical whereas dizygotic twins are not.It has been argued that Galton foreshadowed Weismann's theory of the continuity of the germ-plasm, but this is only true in a weak sense. They both believed that the inheritance of acquired characters was either rare or impossible, but Galton did not forestall the essential part of Weismann's theory, that the germ-plasm of the zygote is doubled, with one part being reserved for the formation of the germ-cells.
__label__0, The influence of an external electric field on the spin dynamics of an electrically neutral Fermi liquid is considered, the mechanism of such an influence being the relativistic spin-orbital interaction. As a result, Leggett's equations for the spin dynamics of weakly polarized Fermi liquids are generalized to the case of non-zero external electric field. In addition, we obtained the transverse spin dynamics equation for strongly spin-polarized liquids in an electric field at zero temperature. In both situations covariant derivatives depending on the electric field are shown to be substituted for spatial gradients in line with the SU(2) gauge invariance of the microscopic Hamiltonian. The new equations are applied to the study of spin flow along a channel, where an electric field is found to bring about an additional phase shift of the order of magnitude of the phase shift in superfluid 3He-B but growing with time.
__label__0, In this paper, we study the existence of solutions of implicit vector variational inequalities for multifunctions. Generalized pseudomonotonicity concepts are introduced. Our results extend and unify corresponding earlier existence results of many authors for vector variational inequalities under the Hausdorff topological vector space setting.
__label__0, Carbon fiber/polyethylene (PE) fiber hybrid composites were fabricated by open leaky mold method. The positional effect of PE fiber was investigated concerning the mechanical performance improvement of carbon fiber/PE fiber hybrid composites. The influence of adhesion level of PE fiber on the hybrid properties was studied using oxygen plasma, γ-MPS, and γ-MPS-modified polybutadiene (PB/γ-MPS) as surface modifiers. In case of carbon fiber/vinylester composite, γ-MPS and PB/γ-MPS acted as the bridge to bond carbon fiber to vinylester resin through the chemical bonding. In case of PE fiber/vinylester composite, plasma treatment of PE fiber introduced the etching and micro-pitting rather than the functional group on fiber surface. Therefore, the plasma treated composite exhibited a large increase in flexural strength compared with untreated composite. In the case of carbon fiber/PE fiber hybrid composites, the mechanical properties of hybrid composite strongly depended on the reinforcing fiber position. When carbon fiber was at the outermost layer, the hybrid composite exhibited the highest flexural strength among other hybrid composites. This was attributed to the fact that the compressive and tensile stress had maximum magnitudes in the outermost layer. The surface treatment of PE fiber at outermost layer had a significant effect on the flexural strength of hybrid composite.
__label__0, The properties of dilute alloys of Er in Au have been studied, principally below 100 mK, in connection with the use of this system in thermometry and in microcalorimetry for particle detection. Measurements are reported of (1) the magnetization at high temperatures and high field, (2) the magnetization in low fields with temperatures extending down to 0.1 mK, and (3) the heat capacity as a function of temperature and field at low temperatures. These measurements are analyzed to provide information of several properties of the Er3+ ion in the Au lattice, in particular, the crystal field parameters, the exchange interaction of the 4f electrons with the conduction electrons, and the spin glass freezing temperature.
__label__0, Suspension characteristics for two types (HCV and HCP) of hexagonal boron nitride (h-BN) powder have been examined and correlated to the amount of boric oxide present (B2O3) on the BN surface. The effects of B2O3 on the suspension behavior of HCV-BN and HCP-BN were determined by measuring the zeta (ζ) potential and viscosity as a function of pH. Results indicate the poor suspension quality of HCV-BN powders is linked to the increased presence of B2O3 on the particle surface. Because of its weak ionization characteristics, B2O3 acts to prevent stable suspension formation by decreasing the double layer length, thereby lowering the barrier to agglomeration. Hence, as the amount of B2O3 increases on the HCV-BN powder surfaces, the stability decreases and the particles agglomerate, rapidly settling out of higher viscosity suspensions. In contrast, HCP-BN having less B2O3 on the powder surface, exhibits higher ζ-potentials and increased stability against agglomeration. Therefore, HCP-BN forms suspensions of single, unagglomerated particles which are less viscous, settle at a slower rate and are more suitable for slip casting operations.
__label__0, This paper deals with donor, acceptor-codoped (Ba0.4Sr.6)TiO3 ceramics with distinct varistor characteristics at room temperature, which were prepared by single-step firing in air. The materials, with the Curie point at around −90 °C, exhibited a large PTCR (positive temperature coefficient of resistivity) effect of more than seven orders of magnitude in the temperature range −90 °C (the resistivity ρ ≈ 103 Ω · cm) to room temperature (ρ > 1010 Ω · cm). An apparent dielectric constant of >20000 and tan δ < 0.05 (at 100 kHz) were observed for the present materials at room temperature, and moreover, the materials exhibited nonlinear current-voltage characteristics with the nonlinear coefficient, α, in the range 7–12 and the varistor field, Ev, in the range 0.3–1.0 kV/cm. The value of α in the present materials increased systematically with increasing ρ in their PTCR temperature range. It has been found that there exists a close correlation between α and the grain-boundary potential barrier height, eφ, obtained from the ρ-T characteristic of the materials. An almost linear relationship was also found to exist between α and log Ev for the present materials.
__label__0, Single crystalline Al crystals were bonded via surface activated bonding at room temperature with the crystallographic orientation of (111)∥(111) and [110]∥[110]. The interfacial microstructure was investigated by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (TEM) to investigate the process of the interface formation of the system. The interface was found to form first between the tops of the protrusions which existed on the Al surfaces as roughness before bonding. At those formed bonded regions, no intermediate and damage layer was observed in the lattice images. It means that the fast atom beam irradiation used for surface activation of the metal surfaces does not alter the surface crystallinity as far as TEM observation allows. The bonded regions, however, exhibited a different contour from what could be conjectured without taking atomic rearrangement into consideration. This change in the geometrical configuration indicates that the protrusions had deformed during the bonding procedure. Microscopically, however, no disordering of the lattice was seen near the interface. Therefore, it is concluded that the heads of the protrusions have deformed plastically and then rearrangement of the atoms took place. Moreover, the defects found at the interface exhibit a delocalized core structure, indicating that the interface should have a relaxed structure.
__label__0, The apparent activation energy of cement hydration is normally measured using the time-consuming calorimetric method. In this work, a new, quick method of estimating the apparent activation energy of cement hydration using a microwave technique is proposed. The result of the apparent activation energy of the Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC) hydration measured by the microwave method is in good agreement (5% difference) with that obtained by the conventional calorimetric method, indicating that the microwave method can be used as an alternative in the estimation of apparent activation energy of the OPC hydration. The good agreement between the results measured by microwave method and calorimetric method further helps to establish the validity of microwave measurement as a new technique for studying cement hydration proposed in our previous work.
__label__0, We study the size distribution of coding and non-coding regions in DNA sequences. For most organisms we observe that the size distribution P c(S) of the coding regions of size S shows short range distribution, whereas the size distribution of the non-coding regions follows a power-law decay P nc(S) ∼ S −1 − μ, with power exponents indicating clear long-range behavior. We argue, using the Generalized Central Limit Theorem, that the long-range distributions observed in the non-coding are related to the lower level clustering of purines and pyrimidines (1d islands) which follow similar long-range laws. We also address the question of clustering of coding segments in the two complementary strands of DNA. We observe a short-range clustering of coding regions in both strands, expressed by an exponential decay in the clustering size distribution. The decay exponent expresses the degree of short-range correlations and the deviation from random clustering.
__label__0, Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) was prepared from coal tars with various primary pyridine insoluble fraction (PI) contents from 0 to 3.7 wt %, through heat treatment at 430–480°C for different time under autoginious pressure. The heat treated coal tars were filtered under 150°C and the residue was rinsed with pyridine. MCMB was obtained as the pyridine insoluble fraction. Both yield and diameter of MCMB increased with the increasing of reaction temperature and holding time. It was found that primary PI also had strong influence on the formation of MCMB, which restricting coalescence between mesophase spheres by sticking on the surface of mesophase spheres or dispersing in the matrix. Low temperature, short reaction time and high PI content resulted in the MCMB with small diameter and narrow size distribution. Carbon block with 1.75 g/cm3 density could be easily obtained from the MCMB after molded under 100 MPa and carbonized at 1000°C.
__label__0, Mechanical testing and surface fractography were used to characterize the fracture of E-glass fiber reinforced epoxy composites as a function of the silane coupling agent used. γ-Aminopropyltriethoxysilane (APS) and δ-aminobutyltriethoxysilane (ABS) were used because these have been shown to have different interfacial mobilities at multilayer coverage. The values of the properties studied generally increased from untreated <ABS- <APS-treated glass-fiber reinforced composites. Strength and critical energy release rates were more sensitive to the coupling agent used, than the modulus. The flexural strengths of untreated, ABS-, and APS-treated glass-fiber reinforced composites were 449 ± 40, 510 ± 19, and 566 ± 9 MPa (dry state); and 389 ± 23, 459 ± 7, and 510 ± 54 MPa (wet state), respectively. The critical energy release rate, Gc, as determined from a Mode I translaminar fracture toughness tests, for the untreated composites (10.5 ± 0.4 kJ/m2) was lower than that for the ABS-treated composites (14.3 ± 2.1 kJ/m2) which was lower than that for the APS-treated composites (17.1 ± 2.4 kJ/m2). Macroscopic observations showed that a larger fiber debonding area was formed in the crack tip region for the untreated glass composites, suggesting poorer bonding compared to those treated with coupling agents. Since these silanes have similar chemistry, the differences were attributed to differences in the interfacial mobility of the coupling agent layers.
__label__0, An experimental study was done to identify parameters that determine the shape of splats formed by droplets of paraffin wax impacting and freezing on a polished aluminum surface. Impact velocity was varied from 0.5 to 2.7 m/s and surface temperature from 23 to 73 °C. Droplet impact was photographed, and the splat diameter and liquid-solid contact angle measured from photographs. A simple energy conservation model was used to predict the maximum extent of droplet spread and the rate of droplet solidification. The extent of droplet solidification was found to be too small to affect droplet impact dynamics. Photographs showed liquid recoiling in the droplet center following impact on a cold surface (23 °C); the height of recoil diminished if either substrate temperature or impact velocity was increased. Droplet recoil was attributed to surface tension pulling back the periphery of the splat. Reducing the surface temperature increased surface tension, promoting recoil. At sufficiently large impact velocities droplets fragmented. A model based on the Rayleigh-Taylor instability was used to predict the number of satellite droplets that broke loose after impact.
__label__0, Metal matrix/carbide particulate composite surface layers were produced on Ti–6Al–4V alloy samples by injecting metal carbide particles into laser-melted surfaces followed by rapid solidification. Hard, wear-resistant surfaces were produced on a strong alloy which normally has poor wear resistance. The corrosion behaviour of the composite surface was evaluated after a month's exposure to flowing sea water. A variety of solidification products was found in the laser-deposited surface layers, but corrosion was observed only in the carbide particulate phase in the WC-injected sample. No corrosion was observed in the TiC-injected sample nor in the Ti–6Al–4V base alloy. Corrosion in the WC-injected sample was related to the formation of a narrow interphase zone surrounding the particulate phase and a thin reaction zone on the surface of the particulate phase during solidification. The titanium-rich interphase zone formed a galvanic couple with the WC particulate. Crevice-type corrosion initiated at the interface between the two phases and proceeded into the particulate phase assisted by the reaction zone. Electrochemical test results revealed a high corrosion rate for the WC-injected sample and almost none for both the TiC-injected sample and the Ti–6A1–4V base alloy, confirming the microstructural observations.
__label__0, Impedance spectra in the range from 10 Hz to 1 MHz were obtained for apples for temperatures between 4 and 40 °C. At each temperature the measured spectrum was fitted to a theoretical model in which the bulk properties of the apple were represented as the parallel combination of a constant phase element and a resistance. The results were used to determine the activation enthalpies of apples for ionic migration, Hm, and for dissociation of an ion from its binding site, Hf. Hm was found to be of the order of 0.15 eV whereas Hf was of the order of 0.03 eV. Changes in the slope of the activation curves indicated that a structural change occurred in the cell wall within the temperature range between 35 °C and 40 °C.
__label__0, Grain boundary characteristics of Na-diffused SrTiO3 were investigated. It was observed that Na ions are segregated in grain boundaries by secondary ion mass spectroscopy analysis. Using I-V characteristics and C-V measurement, the non-linearity coefficient and the potential barrier height were found to be 15.6, 0.82 eV, respectively. The I-V characteristics, complex plane analysis, and dc voltage step technique were performed to study the electrical properties of a single grain boundary. From the results of complex plane analysis, the deep electronic level was varied from 0.10 to 0.31 eV, which can be explained by the substitution of Na ions for Sr ions.
__label__0, For a class of risk-sensitive nonlinear stochastic control problems with dynamics in strict-feedback form, we obtain through a constructive derivation state-feedback controllers which (i) are locally optimal, (ii) are globally inverse optimal, and (iii) lead to closed-loop system trajectories that are bounded in probability. The first feature implies that a linearized version of these controllers solve a linear exponential-quadratic Gaussian (LEQG) problem, and the second feature says that there exists an appropriate cost function according to which these controllers are optimal.
__label__0, Zinc oxide (ZnO) thin films were prepared by a low cost chemical deposition technique using sodium zincate bath. Structural characterizations by X-ray diffraction technique (XRD) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) indicate the formation of ZnO films, containing 0.05–0.50 μm size crystallites, with preferred c-axis orientation. The electrical conductance of the ZnO films became stable and reproducible in the 300–450 K temperature range after repeated thermal cyclings in air. Palladium sensitised ZnO films were exposed to toxic and combustible gases e.g., hydrogen (H2), liquid petroleum gas (LPG), methane (CH4) and hydrogen sulphide (H2S) at a minimum operating temperature of 150 °C; which was well below the normal operating temperature range of 200–400 °C, typically reported in literature for ceramic gas sensors. The response of the ZnO thin film sensors at 150 °C, was found to be significant, even for parts per million level concentrations of CH4 (50 ppm) and H2S (15 ppm).
__label__0, Thin (78 ± 4 nm), well-bonded zirconia films were formed on 316L stainless steel substrates by dip-coating in an alkoxide precursor solution followed by annealing in air to achieve film densification. X-ray diffraction showed the film to be either metastable cubic or tetragonal zirconia. A substrate-straining test was used to investigate the mechanical characteristics of the film and interface; this protocol has been used previously to estimate interfacial shear strength through a shear-lag model. At strain levels of about 1.5%, 15 times the yield strain of the substrate, through-thickness cracking of the film was observed. These cracks were driven by deformation localized at slip bands on the substrate surface and the cracking pattern reflected the slip band pattern of the underlying substrate; the propagation of long cracks transversely to the applied stress, as observed in similar experiments previously, was not seen and consequently the shear-lag model was not applicable. As a qualitative indication of good adhesion, film debonding was not observed even at high strain levels. A non-quantitative model was proposed which examined stress transfer across the film-substrate interface on a microscopic scale, and suggested how film, substrate and interface properties affect competition between transverse and slip-band-induced modes of film cracking. This model was then used to reconcile the observations of this study with the transverse cracking observed by others.
__label__0, The complex impedance of polycrystalline cadmium telluride has been measured as a function of frequency by a two-probe technique. The experimental data measured in the temperature range 301–565 K have been analyzed in the complex plane formalism and suitable equivalent circuits have been proposed in different temperature regions. The values of resistance and capacitance of bulk and grain boundary contributions have also been independently calculated from the Debye peak of spectroscopic plots. The role of bulk and grain boundary in the overall conduction process have been discussed with realistic justification.
__label__0, Two kinds of α-Si3N4 powders with different properties (high purity and low purity) were pressureless sintered using MgAl2O4-ZrO2 as sintering additives. The grain growth was controlled by sintering time and temperature. The fracture toughness was determined using indentation microfracture (IM) and single-edge-precracked-beam (SEPB) methods. A discrepancy of fracture toughness was found between the values obtained by these two methods, and the SEPB method provided higher fracture toughness than the IM method. Materials with more large elongated Si3N4 grains gave higher fracture toughness, R-curve behavior and larger discrepancy. This is contributed to the effects of grain bridging, pull-out and deflection by the large elongated Si3N4 grains. Comparing the specimens from two kinds of α-Si3N4 powders with different purity level, both gave high fracture toughness of over 9 MPa · m1/2 by the SEPB method, while the E10 samples have a little higher flexural strength.
__label__0, Single crystals of a Cu-Fe alloy, which contained spherical γ-Fe particles, were compressed up to shear strain of 0.17 in liquid nitrogen bath. In the process of straining the structural (optical and TEM) observations in as-deformed and post-deformation annealed samples were provided. The substructure of deformed samples was characterized by slightly developed cell structure and lack of distinct layer-like arrangements of dislocations. Three kinds of particles were found: coherent and semi-coherent f.c.c. γ-Fe and martensiticly transformed b.c.c. α-Fe. The critical diameter for coherency loss was found to be 58 nm at the initial stage of deformation decreasing with strain to 50 nm. These values coincided with the theoretical estimations. It was suggested that relaxation of coherency strains around γ-Fe particles by the generation of interface dislocations might occur prior to the martensitic transformation. This assumption might explain the particle size dependency of martensitic transformation.
__label__0, The most critical issue in developing thermal conductive coatings for the interior surfaces of heat exchanger tubes made from mild carbon steel (MCS), which are used in geothermal power plants at temperatures ranging from 110° to 89°C, is the deposition of scales. These scales, induced by the brine, chemically adhere to the coating surfaces. One of the major factors governing the formation of a strong interfacial bond at interfaces between the coatings and scales was the brine-promoted hydrothermal oxidation of the coatings. In seeking coating unsusceptible to hydrothermal oxidation, two semi-crystalline thermoplastic polymers, polyphenylenesulfide (PPS) and polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE)-blended PPS, were applied as interior surface coatings to the zinc phosphated MCS tubes. The PPS coating surfaces suffered some oxidation caused by their chemical affinity for FeCl2 in geothermal brine. FeCl2-promoted oxidation of PPS surfaces not only incorporated more oxygen into them, generating a sulfide → sulfone → sulfonic acid conformational transformation within the PPS, but also caused the disintegration of PPS, yielding fragmental polychloroaryl compound and ferrous sulfate (FeSO4) derivatives. The FeSO4 reaction product formed at the interfaces between the scale and PPS coating was soluble in water, so that the coatings could be easily removed by highly pressurized water. The oxidation of PPS was considerably inhibited by blending PTFE into it, forming coating surface unsusceptible to hydrothermal oxidation reactions with hot brine. The major reason for such inhibition of oxidation was the formation of a chemically inert PTFE layer segregated from the PPS layer at the outermost surface site of the coating. Hence, the scale easily flaked off from the PTFE-blended PPS coating surfaces. This characteristic of surface was similar to that of the stainless steel surfaces. Nevertheless, both PPS and PTFE-blended PPS coatings can be classified as scale-free coatings.
__label__0, The multi-strengthening effects, introduced by combining cold rolling, aging and thermal cycling, on the martensitic transformation temperatures of Ti50Ni50 and Ti49Ni51 shape memory alloys have been studied by using DSC and microhardness measurements. Experimental results show that both pre-cold-rolling of Ti50Ni50 alloy and aging treatments of Ti49N51 alloy can impede the further introduction of dislocations during the thermal cycling and hence effectively reduce the effect of thermal cycling on transformation temperatures. For Ti49Ni51 alloy, whether the cold rolling is conducted before or after the aging treatment, the strengthening of cold rolling can significantly increase the specimen hardness but only slightly affect the following thermal cycling effect. The multi-strengthening effects on the martensitic transformation temperatures are also found to follow the equation of Ms = T0−KΔσy.
__label__0, It is expected that in the future SiC fiber-reinforced ceramic-matrix composites (CMCs) will be used in high temperature and hostile environments. In this study, Hi-NicalonTM SiC fibers were annealed and crept at 1500 °C for 1 hour in air, an argon flow and an ultra high-purity argon flow in order to investigate the effects of atmospheres and load conditions on the decomposition behavior and microstructural evolution of the fibers. After the fibers were annealed and crept in air, a silica layer with cracks was formed on the fiber surface. Under the creep load, the silica layer became thicker and porous due to the oxidation mechanism change from diffusion of ionic oxygen to transportation of oxygen molecules. An oxygen-enriched amorphous layer was formed at the fiber surface in the case of annealing in an argon flow, whereas SiC crystals were produced by the gas-phase reaction on the fiber surface when the fiber was crept in an argon flow. In an ultra high-purity argon flow, SiC crystals grew on the surface of both annealed and crept fibers. Growth of β-SiC grain was enhanced under low oxygen partial pressure atmospheres and creep load.
__label__0, The paper explains the meaning of the title of a one of Huchel's last poems ("The ninth hour"), which has remained enigmatic to this day. The title – "Pfeilspitze des Ada" – points to one of the oldest archeological finds with alphabetical scripts known. This early alphabet, conceived by the Phoenicians, was adapted (and slightly revised) by the Ancient Greeks and therefore foreshadows our alphabet. In this intricate manner Huchels poem refers to the prints of our culture.Furthermore the paper discusses the complex relation between the poem and its title. It is a fine example of Huchel's subtle technique of naming his poems. His titles are rarely just a brief summary of the contents of a poem.Then the paper argues that Huchel's sense of the deeper meaning of "script" and the concept of reading history (or the relics of history) as a "script" goes back to the time he spent in Berlin in the twenties in the circle of the Jewish prophetical, cabalistically inspired mystic Oscar Goldberg.Finally, the author shows how we can read the concluding metaphor of the poem without exterior information. Huchels metaphors are not, as is often maintained, dark and elliptic. They are products of a complex but lucid visual and rhythmic imagination.
__label__0, Perovskite phase formation and dielectric characteristics of \(Pb(Fe_{2/3} W_{1/3} )O_3 - Pb(Fe_{1/2} Nb_{1/2} )O_3\) ceramic system with addition of \(Pb(Fe_{1/2} Ta_{1/2} )O_3\) were investigated in order to examine the influence of \(Pb(Fe_{1/2} Ta_{1/2} )O_3\). The ceramic system powders were synthesized via a B-site precursor route. Peculiar behaviors of frequency dispersion in dielectric constant spectra in the paraelectric region were observed due to increasing conductivity. Lattice parameters, dielectric maximum temperatures, and maximum dielectric constants increased with increasing \(Pb(Fe_{1/2} Nb_{1/2} )O_3\) content.
__label__0, The paper presents an argument against a “metaphysical” conception of logic according to which logic spells out a specific kind of mathematical structure that is somehow inherently related to our factual reasoning. In contrast, it is argued that it is always an empirical question as to whether a given mathematical structure really does captures a principle of reasoning. (More generally, it is argued that it is not meaningful to replace an empirical investigation of a thing by an investigation of its a priori analyzable structure without paying due attention to the question of whether it really is the structure of the thing in question.) It is proposed to elucidate the situation by distinguishing two essentially different realms with which our reason must deal: “the realm of the natural”, constituted by the things of our empirical world, and “the realm of the formal”, constituted by the structures that we use as “prisms” to view, to make sense of, and to reconstruct the world. It is suggested that this vantage point may throw light on many foundational problems of logic.
__label__0, Seedlings of six temperate pasture species, three grasses and three legumes, were grown for 19–24 days in sterile agar or sand-vermiculite media, in the presence of inorganic phosphate (Pi), glucose 1-phosphate (G1P) or inositol hexaphosphate (IHP). Agar (pH 5.0) had a low IHP-sorbing capacity while IHP was almost completely sorbed in sand-vermiculite. Pi and G1P were relatively available in both media. Growth of each species was measured in relation to phosphorus (P) supply and levels of Pi supply at which shoot yields reached 90% of maximum yield (Pcrit) were determined. Pcrit values were generally higher for the legume species than for the grasses, and were six-fold higher for Trifolium subterraneum L. seedlings when grown in sand-vermiculite relative to agar. When supplied with G1P, seedlings of the six species grew as well as plants supplied with Pi. By contrast, IHP was a poor source of P for plant growth, even when supplied in agar at levels up to 40-fold greater than Pcrit. Using the growth of T. subterraneum in the presence of IHP, it was calculated that roots released approximately 0.09 nkat phytase g-1 root dry wt per day, over 20 days of growth. By supplementing agar containing IHP with phytase from Aspergillus niger (E.C. 3.1.3.8; 0.012 nkat plant-1, or ∼1.3 nkat g-1 root dry wt), sufficient P became available to enable T. subterraneum seedlings to grow as well as Pi-supplied plants. These results indicate that while pasture plants can quite effectively use P from some organic P sources (e.g. G1P), the acquisition of phytate-P is limited both by availability of substrate and the capacity of plant roots to hydrolyse available IHP.
__label__0, The objective of the present work was to study the short-term stimulation of microbial and enzyme activity in mine soils by application of organic waste materials in lysimeter and mesocosm studies. The mine soils derived from tertiary and quaternary deposits were ameliorated with brown coal filter ash (tertiary deposits) and lime (quaternary deposits). At the beginning of recultivation the soils were treated with varying amounts of sewage sludge, coal sludge, composted sewage sludge and compost to a depth of 30 cm. In the first 2 years after application of organic waste materials we found a very low level of microbial properties especially in the sandy materials from quaternary deposits but a significant increase in microbial respiration, substrate induced respiration and enzyme activities like invertase and alkaline phosphatase with increasing application rates of sewage sludge, compost and sewage sludge mixed with coal sludge. This can be explained by an increase in organic matter and nutrient content of the soils and an improvement of soil physical properties such as water and nutrient retention capacity. Additionally it can be assumed, that constituents of the coal admixtures of tertiary deposits can be mineralised or converted by the soil microorganisms. In the tertiary materials ameliorated with brown coal ash the highest amounts of microbial and enzyme activities were measured after application of nitrogen-rich sewage sludge or very high amounts of mature compost mainly consisting of green waste. Compared with sewage sludge the stimulating effects of composted sewage sludge were quite lower because of organic matter fragmentation and a reduced energy and nutrient supply to soil microorganisms.
__label__0, Oxide glasses with the general formula (Bi2O3)1 - x(CuO)x have been prepared by quick quenching technique. Their longitudinal and shear elastic moduli have been determined by measuring the corresponding ultrasonic wave velocities between 300 and 470 K, which are well below the glass transition temperature of this system. Temperature variation of ultrasonic velocity and attenuation exhibit anomalies around 435 K in glasses with x ≥ 0.3. A nonlinear behaviour is also reflected in the CuO concentration dependent dielectric constant curve around x = 0.3. These anomalies are interpreted in terms of a structural softening (or transformation) taking place in samples having CuO concentration above the critical value. The high dielectric constant of these glasses show very little increase with increase of temperature. Anomalies are also found in the temperature dependence of dielectric constant around 435 K. This behaviour is again considered to be associated with the softening of the glass network.
__label__0, Structural properties such as flexural moduli and strength have been measured for a range of porous alumina specimens of different initial powder sizes and final porosities, sintered using the capsule-free hot isostatic pressing method. This processing method produces a porous body in which the closed porosity is negligible. The relationship of these structural properties to total porosity has been investigated. The results indicate that both a power and an exponential function could adequately describe the porosity dependence of flexural strength. The strength values obtained were test method dependent, and were significantly lower for specimens with sintering aids. A power law model based on a critical porosity, as proposed by Phani, gave the best fit for the modulus measurement data. No dependence of mechanical properties on particle size was observed. The strength measurement results did not appear to support suggestions that better strength could be obtained by the capsule-free hot isostatic pressing method than conventional sintering, as reported elsewhere.
__label__0, The conversion of natural forests into cultivated lands causes changes of the carbon cycle, which are of particular importance for fragile landscapes. We examined the mobilization of organic carbon in undisturbed soil monoliths of a deciduous forest, a pine plantation, and a pasture under constant temperature (20°C) and moisture via a leaching experiment. Soil percolation was performed with synthetic rainfall solution (pH 5) for a period of 20 weeks. The leachates of the first 12 weeks were analyzed for the pH, DOC content, light absorbance at 260 and 330 nm. At the end of the experiment soil pH, total carbon, C:N ratio, content of fractions of humic substances were examined. After 20 weeks of the leaching experiment the decrease of soil total Corg reached 29, 23, and 50% in soil monoliths of deciduous forest, pasture, and coniferous forest, respectively. The amounts of DOC removed constituted 6.4, 3.8, and 6.2% of initial soil Corg, respectively. Cumulative values of DOC production decreased in the sequence coniferous forest > deciduous forest > pasture. UV-Vis absorptivities of DOC were similar in both forests and differed from those in pasture. UV-Vis characteristics showed that DOC composition changed during the experiment. The intensive soil percolation caused alterations of the properties of soil organic matter, in particular a change of fraction composition of humic substances occurred.
__label__0, The impact wedge-peel (IWP) test is an International Standard (ISO 11343) method that is employed to measure the resistance to cleavage fracture of structural adhesives at a relatively high test-rate of 2 to 3 m/s. In the present work this test has been employed to evaluate the performance of a range of structural adhesives when used to bond either steel or aluminium-alloy substrates. Firstly, a novel test arrangement for performing these tests, using a high-speed servohydraulic machine, is described. Tests were performed at 10−4 and 2 m/s and at test temperatures of −40 and 23°C. High-speed photography was also used to investigate the failure of the IWP test specimens. Both stable and unstable types of crack growth were recorded, with the crack propagating cohesively through the adhesive layer in all cases. The methods of data analysis recommended by the International Standard are critically reviewed, and some shortcomings are highlighted. Secondly, the results from the IWP test are then directly correlated to the measured values of the adhesive fracture energies, Gc, of the adhesives, which were determined using a fracture-mechanics approach. Finally, it is demonstrated that, from knowledge of the value of Gc of the adhesive, coupled with a finite-element analysis of the IWP test geometry, the failure behaviour of the IWP specimen may be successfully modelled and predicted.
__label__0, The “essential work of fracture” (EWF) method is applied to various machine-made papers. The deforming and fracturing processes of the paper samples during testing is analyzed by means of the thermographic observation. Plastic deformation zone appears in three ways when deep double edge notched tension specimens are strained under in-plane stress: i.e. 1. type (i)--appearing through whole the ligament in a vague manner and developing into a circular (or oval) zone even before or at the maximum load point; 2. type (ii)--appearing from notch tip and amalgamating into a circular (or oval) zone after the maximum load point; and 3. type (iii)--appearing from notch tip and not amalgamating into a circular (or oval) zone until the sheet failure. Specimens with small ligament length (L) are likely to belong to type (i), while those with large L to type (ii) & (iii). Among these three types, type (i) fulfills the original assumption of the EWF method best in terms of the complete ligament yielding before crack initiation. Thus the specific essential work of fracture determined using the linear relation of type (i) should be correct, although the estimated work is a little smaller than that from the linear relation of type (ii) & (iii).
__label__0, The Raman spectra of copper phthalocyanin CuPc are analyzed. The frequencies and forms of the normal in-plane vibrations which are active in the Raman spectrum are calculated. The assignment according to symmetry types is based on the polarization measurements for a β-CuPc single crystal. For phthalocyanin with all 14N atoms substituted by 15N, agreement between the calculated and experimental isotope shifts of vibration frequencies was estimated, and this estimate served as a key criterion of reliability of the calculation.
__label__0, Computer simulation, using an ionic, Born-like model, is used to investigate the accommodation of titanium impurities in Ca-Al-Fe-O phases. Specifically, calcium titanate solution in Al2O3, Fe2O3, CF, C2F, CA, C2A, C3A, and C4AF (where C denotes CaO) is considered. The simulations predict that titanium impurities are found preferentially in the ferrite phases. At sufficiently high concentrations, the solution involves the formation of clusters containing 3 to 6 ions that strongly resemble the structure of the calcium titanate phase. The calculations reveal that the compensation mechanism varies appreciably over the range of compounds considered.
__label__0, We consider properties of long wavelength acoustic phonons propagating in anisotropic elastic media. For cubic media we found three subregions of mechanical stability region in which polarization properties of modes are anomalous. To achieve the detailed specification of this unusual behavior we performed vast numerical calculations and devised new characteristics, namely surfaces of polarization angles and maps of polarization enhancement factors.
